I wish some of the other Disney movies were not so expensive and even harder to find now they are on blue ray but no longer at any store.
"Rushmore" is an off-kilter comedy from an off-kilter director, Wes Anderson.
Does the film transition well to blu-ray?  
The plot goes like this: Pooh and his best friend Christopher Robin spend every day playing together in the Hundred Acre Woods, but all of that changes when Christopher Robin disappears without a trace!
If you haven't watched "Cars," do.
then prepare for every thing to be
If your child is really small or prone to putting little things in his mouth and you're worrying about swallowing small pieces, you might think twice.
And you have it all.
A soft place to land indeed.  
However, when all of the above films are 5 star triumphs, Cars drives smoothly into a 4 star spot.
How can you be so heartless?
An excellent family movie.
However, though their are similarities, it's unique as well.  
I've seem this film many times, and BAMBI will forever be a part of my memories...
Knick Knack Theatrical Short* Finding Nemo - A Filmmakers' Roundtable* Aquarium2003 2-Disc DVD Collectors Edition* Widescreen movie* Documentary: Making Nemo* Visual Commentary (with Deleted Scenes, 168 minutes)*
We have a standard (not elongated) toilet seat.
It really gives me tingles.
For 9 characters, this is a really good price.
One may almost wish a DVD were prepared with all the repetition removed... and the deleted segments restored.
Considering this is a Disney classic the prices can be outrageously high, but I come to my surprise this was not.
It's a very unique movie that shows the challenges of those who go on mission trips.
You laugh through the whole movie.
I did not know most the guess.
This is a really nice, cloth curtain, very bright and colorful.
My 4 y/o daughter loves Nemo and this set really had her excited.  
Alias season 2 had so much action, drama, intrigue, suspense, character development, how could you not like this season/show if you're a fan of J.J. Abrams?Hot women, plenty of CIA action, complicated storyline, intense drama; what more could you ask for?Watch this season!
I grew up with ducktales and it is still one of my favorites today.
None of them work very well.
It is a wonderful movie.
Good movie, very funny.
That is the movie in a nutshell.
This bathtub does the job admirably.
All our four grandkids love it.
Journalists from CBS' 60 Minutes pick up the story and then become tangled up in the threat of lawsuits and more.  
I would hope that the original films could be put on DVD without all the computer-generated color "fill-in".
This is one of my favorite movies from my youth.
Having a bit more extra features are a huge plus.
But he only got him yesterday for Christmas and after 10 minutes of normal play, his wing completely broke.
But the White Rabbit, in this film, is used as a MacGuffin.
This is after I compared some of the Tangled dolls I purchased from Disney with those made by other companies that some of my friends had bought for their children.
For this 1999 film, "The Insider" continues to look fantastic, moreso in HD.  
I did catch a glimpse of a few shots, but most of them scared me, especially King Triton destroying the grotto, that was the scene that scared me the most!
LOVE THE FRIENDSHIP BETWEEN ALL THE LADIES, AND IT HAS A REAL NICE ENDING.
It snapped open well and I felt it was good, but once I sat my 16month old 21lb girl on it, I better understand the reviews others are giving.
For people who want imagination and fun this movie is for you!
Technically it is outstanding but the plot is purile, the humour flat and the dialogue plain cheesy.
My 2 yr old cant get enough of this movie .
I could only describe it as a "moving painting" and a rather bright and vivid painting at that.  
From Pixar, the Makers of Toy Story, Finding Nemo and Wall-ee, This is a tale with an unusual take on children and monsters in the closet.
I did not like this film
I also like to compare the two film releases as the older version shows more grain so I can revisit the film the way I remember it from my childhood.
They are the same size as the Hot wheels monster trucks.
The only complaint is that the retractable helmet stopped closing the 2nd day, but my guess is that it took a pretty hard hit that broke one of the little latches inside.  
Back Out In The Outback:  Something's attacking Scrooge's sheep and shearing off their wool, so Scrooge heads off for Australia to find out what's going on.  
She had trouble at first because the puzzle really doesn't have straight edges/sides.  
It lists on the back cover which songs are new to this version, and you'll be able to tell by the difference in animation.
It is probably his favorite toy.  
We are so happy with our Oso and I love that the vest is connected because it would be lost by now.
It's so cute!
Bambi gets my vote for the most beautiful story Disney has ever told.
Three exchanges laterI got so fed up with this that I asked some doll collector if he could recommend me somethingthat is still a doll to play with not some porcelain faced Barbie and that would last the raugh playof little girls and boys.
You get all the characters pictured.
Thank You D.D.
and I thought it was a pretty good movie too for being full of Monsters it wasn't scary at all
these were a great addition to our decorations for my 3 year old birthday, very festive without being in the way.  
The second release of Wave 5 is or should I say should have been a very special release.
The sales skyrocketed and some of the gals were on talk shows in America.  
I would highly recommend spending the extra money on the 3d if you have a 3d TV.
They can't tell the good monsters from the bad monsters, but it's up to them to save the day!
This is a great Disney movie, the color was great and I'm glad to have a copy of it on DVD.
It is definitely aptly named.
It is almost required at family gatherings.
My son loves Little Einsteins so this was a must have!
All I have to do is wait a few days after it comes out
(my rating is about a 4 star) 3 y.o. loved it.(So
For less than $20, i dont see how you could do much better, and quite frankly, i dont see the need for anything more costly either.
Shes - fall off constantly.
It will always be one of my favorites.
Older kids & adults were watching and we didn't even realize it.
I wasn't looking for a huge bulky book, but it's not tiny either.
She moves at the joints, has great hair and is so worth the price.
All in all it is worth a look.
I have seen this movie at least 15 times.
I got this for my 3 year old's birthday and she LOVES the outfits.
It was a shock to the public to find out that they would not air a program in fear of a lawsuit.  
You gotta get McQueen's girl!!!  
Fun and Fancy Free would be the last movie that Walt Disney voiced Mickey Mouse.
I saw the original incarnation of the TV series on PBS when it was first imported to the US, and found it appealing on a number of levels.  
My daughter liked it and it's good enough for me.
Its amazing how I forgot the lessons I learned from these movies and how they teach us to overcome obstacles.
happy i got it....awsome product....
My wife was baby sitting a friends child and we rented this for him.  
Just what my granddaughters wanted.  
This is a Disney oldie but goodie, with lots of stuff that should keep just about anyone entertained.
Interesting story line for a Disney movie.  
Nice size and made to last.  
It's definitely family friendly and I've not found any kids that don't enjoy this.
Davy Jones' ghostly ship has the ability to surface and dive like a submarine, and the creators of the film somehow manage to make a sailing ship doing this look real enough to fool the eyes.
It's as if they said "They look pretty good...just leave them that
I am appalled with Andrew Stanton.
As we all know, Beauty and the Beast is one of the best Disney classics, otherwise why would you be looking for this dvd?  
This movie is a keeper.
Overpriced..yes.  
An amazing transfer through and through.
They looked like a nice quality too :)
Our daughter loves it, as she does all of her Doc toys and she has gotten hours upon hours of enjoyment out of it
Dialogue is crisp and clear and the score sounds magnificently.
Ah, but Belle asks to view the Beast's magic mirror, which can show the viewer anyone they wish to see.  
I've started to build her a movie collection.
She loved pretending like she getting herself prettied-up in styling her hair!
I was totally blown away with the picture quality of this film on blu-ray.  
To be honest, I liked this one far, far more than I expected to based on popular consensus alone.  
Artistic highlights are the brief wagon on a rainy night scene and the longer "Gepetto in the whale" sequence.
In addition to winning an Academy Award, "Finding Nemo" was also, as of 2006, the best selling DVD of all time.
Each character brings out the best in the others while their flaws only seem to strengthen the performances of those around them.
One of the best Disney movies.
Just don't waste your time; Cars isn't worth it.
However I was very much mistaken in all points.
With the exception of two blue-and-yellow birds near the beginning, the hue and saturation look consistently "right" throughout.
This is exactly what happended within an hour of playing with it.  
Very highly RECOMMENDED!
and the tops are very tight.  
The mirror shows her father Maurice on his sickbed.  
But needless to say, "Bambi" has come an instant classic in Walt Disney's line of animated films ("Bambi" is the fifth film from Walt Disney) and it also paved the way for the animation industry as the film would lead to the hiring of Disney's first female animator, the film would utilize multiplane camera technology, would feature an impressionist style courtesy of artist Tyrus "Ty" Wong and his artwork of the forests would be groundbreaking for its time and an inspiration for future artists.  
I loved the plot.
Along the way, Bambi encounters tragedy (this movie can get heavy at times, albeit tastefully done), humor, and love.
It doesn't help when his older, wise brother Sitka sacrifices himself to save Kenai and his brother  Denahi from a bear (that Kenai provoked, incidentally).
She has seen it many times before but wants her own copy.
I've washed it many times and it becomes as good as new.
i didnt buy the blue-ray (i dont know if it even exists) but any who its a cartoon how much else can they enhance the dvd?
This toy is not worth a penny!
Never say anyone want to watch a DVD over and over again.  
Two for my daughters and one for my collection.
There's nothing to object to in the entire movie, and I personally think the storyline is very, very good.
The film is a lot like Harold and Maude and even the Graduate, but still functions solely in and of itself.
My little ones love them.
Thanks guys & have a good day!
And if your a parent you'll like the fact the movie shows a dad who will stop at nothing to find his son.
so when when it came out on dvd i had to get a new copy of it, so i can enjoy it for years to come.
I saw another person on a different site complaining about the same problem on the DVD disk.
Disney did have the black bars on the side of the T.V to preserve the proper original aspect ratio...
BOUGHT IT FOR A GOOD PRICE,  AND I KNOW WITH MY 4 YEAR OLD WE WILL WATCH IT MANY TIMES.
When the package arrived she was in a rush to get each out of the container, excitedly naming each and trying to "help."  
Vows:  During Xanatos and Fox's wedding, Goliath who was asked to be the best man is attacked by Demona wielding another magical artifact; the Phoenix Gate, which she uses to send herself, Goliath, Elisa, Xanatos, Fox and Xanatos' father back in time to Castle Wyvern, where Demona hopes to convince her younger self to betray her mate Goliath and change the future.  A+22-25.  
A five star telling of an American Myth.
I gave one as a gift and the little girl loves it.
One of Scrooge's best lines in reaction to his ship being lost in the Bermuda Triangle: "Oh no!
Overall, my daugther loves it and we are looking forward to downloading more Princess songs on an MP3 player since it only comes with three songs.
By the way, while doing some research for this review, I discovered that Three Men and a Bride will probably be coming out in 2012, probably right around the time the world ends...
Despite lacking the digital copy, I highly recommend this release.
Wayne Szalinski yells, "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids!"
So while I think I have written a review for this before..
And that goes with the audio as well.  
Other music used in the film includes songs by The Kinks, The Who, The Faces, and John Lennon.
It is one of the few movies that our entire family enjoys.
It's important to note that Disney chose to go with High Resolution audio over lossless DTS-HD Master Audio.  
He is an ex research scientist from the  Brown & Williamson tobacco plant.
The other doll delivers in every way.
At SD-6, things are also heating up.
My two granddaughters [age 4 1/2 and 2 1/2] loved them.  
Everyone who has sat down in our house to watch this (on our daughter's request) who haven't seen it before think it's a really cute movie.  
In a post-QUIZ SHOW interview, Charles complimented Turturro on his Stempel portrayal.
i paid $27 for this toy only to have it broken.
I wish they could have gone on to make the rest of the novels into films.
I am very unhappy with the set.  
Cable television might never have come to be.
She has several princess dolls.
Perfect for my little girl.
The quality is great for the price (at least what I paid... the prices fluctuate often).
The plastic on the front was dented it, but the puzzle was unharmed, unsure how that happened in shipment.
He lives in a Salem-style village where a witch was hanged centuries ago.
I'm a fan of top-of-the-line cartooning, and happily recognize that Disney is among the masters (the relatively little-known "Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad" is one of my favorites).  
This is a very well-done bit of historical fiction.  
I have three dogs and I find them so entertaining.  
Great to watch something from my childhood.
The bottom is not as all slippery when sitting in it.
Earning many awards for Christopher Plummer and Russell Crowe and also being nominated for 7 Academy Awards, including Best Picture.
If you are looking for a different Christmas movie, then get this one to add to the collection.
Everything in a story isn't about surprise.  
Bought it at Amazon (of course), but I laugh when about a dozen or so sea gulls start going "MINE, MINE".
This is the original and the best Alice.
lol the songs are catchy and cute & i think its a great movie.
One of JJ Abrams best.  
Taking a look at the scene, the result feels very oily but also quite warm.
I recommend you do the first without, because the notes are distracting, and you may miss a punch line.
Alice is very curious and brave; daring and bold, but not obnoxious.  
My favorite is Sebastian the crab and his crazy song "Under the Sea".
"Paths of Discovery: The Making of 'Brother Bear'" is made up of four segments going behind the scenes of the production.
Just not quite as fun as the first movie.  
The box came, and they are so light, I thought it was empty.
Berry is really small, standing at just about 3 inches tall at her highest point.  
My five year old wants to do her hair and change the clothes and it doesn't seem to be made for that.
You don't know where it's gonna end up, but you love it when you get there.
However, the actors portraying the North-men steal the movie.
Alice in Wonderland has always been one of my top five favorite Disney films.  
This came out when I was a teenager so it reminds me of my youth and childhood.
It also closes fine with no issues.  
no wonder it was marked down...
Unfortunately $9 lesson learned.
This was not written as a story for children so much of the story is on two levels...
got this for my now 25 year old stepson for christmas.
And in fact, there is also some subtlety to it as well: when Pinocchio and his new friend Lampwick are having a good time and destroying everything in sight, the latter turns and asks if the puppet likes the place.
We have it and it is just amazing how great it performs over the time it is with us.
My kids aren't really into the whole Cars thing.
I would recommend collection all the Recess DVD's.
It's fascinating to see how the core Alice story is manifested in different media.
Dialogue is clear, the songs sound beautiful and the score is magnificent.
Huge armada of ships on the pirate and even more on the East Trading Company side.  
Sometimes you have to bow to and enjoy the absurd.  
All of our kids enjoy watching this but it appeals to the smallest kids we have who are so cute and like this so cute movie.
I tend to avoid cheap laughs or things done for shock value, and I admire intelligent dialogue and quirky or original takes on everyday situations.
Pinocchio is just one of those stories that appeals to everyone, young or old.
For example, there's one scene where a ship is crewed by a huge number of Jack Sparrow clones.
The video came in perfect consition.
It truly is an art form to convert something into 3D that wasn't originally intended.
My kids love Special Agent Ozo
His part in the season is largely expanded allowing more of a chance to shine in the series.
These days however, the soundtrack does not receive nearly the attention it should.
Our 4 grandcildren (5 to 12) loved it.
Deleted Scenes*: These are just sketches and storyboards that never went beyond pre-production.
Can't find these DVDs in the store all the time, so I purchased it off Amazon.  
If you're a Disney fan -- particularly of the classic animation -- it's a must.  
It's about two street musicians "dueling" for a little girl's coin.
Someone mixed up two product into one and be careful what you are buying.
Action, adventure and comedy. :)
When she's not working out a Trojan horse method of gaining entry into a storeroom filled with Christmas presents, she's busy working overtime spreading joy (and chaos) through the Plaza Hotel.  
Wish it had lasted a bit longer, but after a few weeks, the head came off with casual play, too.  Will have to inspect products like this instore before buying.
One is a mini crown and another is a larger crown with a comb attached to it (so it can be placed on a child's hair).
Kim Possible: A Sitch in Time is perfect of any KP fan! :)
A Disney Classic to be enjoyed by all.
I bought this because my grandson got his "coonskin" hat at Disneyland and Iwanted him to see what I thought I remembered from my young TV days.
This has Anderson's quirky touch throughout and whilst a lot of the lines are delivered dead pan and this isn't an out and out comedy, I found myself laughing for much of the film.  
For me, Eloise is the little girl we all wanted to be like, wanted to know, wanted to watch to see what came next.  
The doll is so cute.  
A wonderful assortment of personalities, memorable characters, and phenomenal layouts that represent everything from coral reefs, to dirty docks, to fish tanks is represented and delivered with utter excellence.
They are all (except the tic-toc croc) on a little cheap plastic disc base.
It has often been said that Pinocchio is one of the darkest of all Disney animated features.
I've loved this movie since it first came out.
She sleeps with him every night.
this is clearly a better value at ~$20 vs $29.in addition to that, this nemo plush is soft and cuddly, true to the movie and
Alice In Wonderland follows a girl named Alice, who is sick of her boring everyday life.
It is now re-mastered and looks great even on the new TVs.
Also, her bra is held around her neck with a cheap clear piece of rubber band material and that of course snapped too, so now her bra won't stay on.
And the story line is as exciting as it always was!
Finally today, after only having the toy for 2.5 months I'm having to fix an ankle joint.
Not everything is successful and there are a lot of moments of audience pandering but there are also some very well done emotional scenes that could actually move an audience members.
Not very watchable for me though.
My 3 1/2 year old daughter adores this set.  
My favourite character has always been Spinelli, and I just missed her for some reason, even though she was there as much as anyone else.
It's at that point that Chris comes up with one of her famous ideas.
The animation is great the storyline is great and everyone loves this movie in our house.
Such a Wonderful film....it never gets old.  
Lo, there do I see my mother and my sisters and my brothers.
But c'mon people, HIBUTK is a fairly absorbing and suspenseful melding of the time-tested "Giant Monster on the Loose" and "Raising a Cute Kid" plots.  
I can't believe I spent $20 on this
Bluray discs hold significantly more information than DVDs and yet this Bluray has audio commentary and that is about it.
Purchased for my 6 year old daughter.
What's nice about the Diamond Editions is that they really aren't much differently priced than pruchasing the movie on DVD or blu-ray separately.
But the fact that her husband was cheating, though, was predictable and her joke - while clever - was ruined by the overacting of the cheating husband and mistress that followed.
Also, so I'm told, they thought a release closer to Christmas would help sales.
Loved this when I was a kid.
Very satisfyied thanks!
Owen Wilson's distinctive voice lends great amusement and Paul Newman is terrific.
Beyond Beauty - (157 minutes)
Sound was also better on the Blu - Ray disk - fuller with better channel separation.  
I love how Alice's sister realizes that Alice is still just a child and not to rush her into adulthood.  
There's adult humor, but its good clean fun so its not inappropriate for young kids.  
They are cardboard!!
WHO wouldn't right???
My favorite rendition is the old one w/Mary Martin playing Peter Pan but this is cute as cartoons go.
Ultimately Gaston and the Beast do battle, and Belle's love redeems the Beast and breaks the enchantment.
We got it for him for Christmas and he sleeps with it almost every night!
This deleted scene is semi-animated with a Flash type of animation.
I also recommend the autobiography of Parley P. Pratt, and Kon Tiki, by Thor Heyerdahl.
And I finally gave up.
Belle races back to the castle to warn the Beast, but is too late.  
Bought as a gift for my Mickey loving sister, and she loves it says its is heavy material and is in her bathroom.
I can't understand why there's people out their price gouging these authentic Disney items.
Bought these for my 2 year old granddaughter - she loves her jewelry.  
If I was a special agent, I would totes sneak into the Pure Leaf factory and steal mad teas.  
My son is 22 months and this works perfectly for bath time.
We have a three year old granddaughter and a four year old grandson, both have worked on this floor puzzle several times.  
such a cute items for girls my daughter loves it and wants the whole set, easy to carry around and play with
Paths of Discovery: The Making of Brother Bear- Deleted Scenes (Where's Koda?; Confession; Muri the Squirrel)- "Fishing Song (Never Before Heard Song)- "Transformation Song" with Original Phil Collins Lyrics)2013 DVD Bonus Features:- Koda's Outtakes- Rutt & Tuke's Commentary- "Through My Eyes" Video-
5 stars, period.
I am appalled with Pixar.
No voice cast received less credit in a Disney animated feature, as was Walt Disney's plan at the time, because it was felt that knowing the voices detracted from the animated characters (which is arguably true, especially in this age of star voices).
We don't use the front pockets though because as you will know yourself if you have a little one they enjoy grabbing anything other than their own bath toys.  
She played with them all day and then she took a bath.
Without giving out any more spoilers, I can't say much more about the plot.
and I got it for a pretty cheap price.  
They definitely added a lot to this movie.
It doesn't matter how many time I or my grandchildren see this movie it's always fun.  
The pillow can always be upgraded.
A good price and good movie.
I would highly recommend this DVD set to everyone who has a little one that loves sea life!
That's how irresistibly cute this toy is.
Treasures Untold - The Making of The Little Mermaid* Storm Warning: The Little Mermaid Special Effects Unit* Audio Commentary*
We bought this for our daughter for her third birthday on August 18th of this year.  
my mini loves this movie just like I did when i was growing up.
Peter Pan is a Disney classic and always will be and this is by far the best version available on disc.
SPECIAL FEATURES:"Bambi: Diamond Edition" features the following special features:*
The spirit of the books isn't violated but despite the candy colored film's appeal and enjoyable (deliberate over-) acting, it can't reproduce the books' mind-bogglingly incessant creativity, deliciously cynical wit, and delightful whimsy and humor.
Are dreams what the afterlife is composed of?
I love this movie and I love how the character changes throughout the movie.
so then can follow the plot.
Anderson is one of those directors who appears to make movies about nothing and it's easy to sit there wondering what you just watched.
This is one of my favorite files.  
This is a TERRIFIC purchase via Amazon.com for our little princess lovers & pirates!!!
This is a really fun game for little girls who like princesses.  
You'll find that many renderings of Alice in Wonderland combine elements of both books, and you know...
Overall it was worth it because she loves Disney Princesses and this phase is very short-lived.
The women were indeed invited to appear on the Jay Leno show, with the talk-show host making a cameo appearance in the film, and to date, the women have raised over 2 million for Leukemia Research, the UK's leading blood cancer charity.
Has material dress and fits perfectly in Dream Castle.
It is sort of a pain to "fix" - I'm considering putting a quick stitch through it with some thread so it doesn't come uncoiled.
I really started to hate it the longer I watched.
First season will always be my favorite.
Every town has a high school, right?
The face of his helmet closes and pops open with the touch of a button.
Recommend for the whole family.  
A must have for any Disney collection!
I bought this for my husband, who loves this series.
Making the monster flesh and blood rather than a distant, tormented creature was a stroke of genius.
Hard to believe that this modest effort caused so much concern when it was first released in 1942.  
I used to watch The Proud's on Saturday mornings.
Since my daughter was very young, we have enjoyed the Muppets together.  
I'd forgotten how nice it is to watch the goings-on of a family that is loving and close-knit, not shrill and crude, as TV families are these days.
Can't go wrong with cars
On the other seats, pee sprayed everywhere (mainly out between the inner plastic guard and the adult seat/bowl - soaking the adult toilet seat and leaving pee running down the outside of the bowl).
Maybe one day they will.
There is even a joke or two with a double meaning the adults may get a kick out of.
We haven't ventured to the second 'special features' disc yet.
Highly Recommended!!!
Potts Personality Game: Which character from Beauty and the Beast do you most resemble?The Story Behind the Story: celebrity hosts reveal the stories behind Disney's greatest classics1.
The third part of Pirates of the Caribbean series.
Do they have an old wise woman/man?
He reveals a trace of mercy when he agrees to free Maurice provided his beautiful bibliophile daughter Belle agrees to take his place.  
I remember watching parts of it as a kid years ago and didn't like it then...
Both cases played entirely for laughs.
Bambi is obviously a cute cartoon character, and probably the cutest of the early generation of Disney films, next to Thumper.
Disney has been reissuing TV episodes on DVD for years and still does.
Why would any person voluntarily decide to be a hermit, in one of less hospitable regions of the globe?  
Amazon offered this one reasonable priced and we couldn't be happier with it.
It's a gorgeously realized, inspiring 2D film from Disney with great characters and visuals.
It's for adults as well as kids, we're almost 60, but still really enjoyed it.
This is a cute little toy I bought for my 2 year old daughter for christmas.
Unfortunately, it is difficult to find some of these special features as they are buried under multiple menus of non-intuitive location.  
This fit my daughter who wears a 4T perfectly - there is no way it could be comfortably worn by a girl who is size 6 or 6X.Secondly, the quality is poor.
Like ALL of Disney's films this is subtitled in English for the deaf.  
Park, Congaree Nat'l.
this cute toy from the hit cartoon doc mcstuffins is cuddly just like the cartoon and likes to cuddle this toy is soft and lovable
My child loves this toy!  
I am appalled of the knowledge that we're going to get a sequel to this.
I have seen it over and over again.
Will use your site again to purchase
Received this a few days before Christmas, made a good present for my little guy.  
Kenai's token happens to be a bear, which is a problem seeing how he despises bears, believing them to be nothing but mindless monsters.
But this is different: aside from the fact that the villain isn't a wicked stepmother (or even wicked stepsisters, as in the original fairy tale), the fact that the Beast is really a prince is almost incidental.  
We'd maybe get a few more months of use out of this.
I really like the concept and the kind of humor that could get out of it, but as far a i could see, their was no reason that the characters were cars.
We discovered this after my son decided they all needed to take a trip off the second story landing.  
Now, to be honest, we decided it would be more fun to act out everything on every card we pulled.  
It had been so long since I'd seen "Alice" that when I watched this DVD I found there were scenes and songs that I'd forgotten all about, so it was like viewing the film with a fresh perspective.
Priced right, and a nice piece for imaginary play.
This trip turns out to be a dream that comes true for Wendy, John and Michael, as they will live their fantasies and meet the characters from the stories.
For imaginative princess lovers from the ages of four on up.
Everything in it is engaging and the queen is crazy.
I recommend buying the DVD of the movie as well so that the kids can play with their toy WHILE watching the movie.
Nearly any scene featuring Bill Murray is incredible anyway, especially the hospital scene where he shows up with flowers and rides with Max in the elevator.
The Blu-Ray technically has two menus, but that's not a big deal.
purchased this dvd for a family member and they simply love it.  
It holds their toys which is what we need it to do, but over time it will rip more and more into a giant hole and will surely be unusable.
We leave it inflated and just spray the bottom of it with some mold and mildew cleaner and wash it off so that it doesn't collect it from the tub and let it dry on.
I liked it; I am not saying I did not chuckle a few times when the main character Zaphod BeedleBorz played by Sam Rockwell, lost his other brain and used his 3rd arm to get ice.  
A DVD is also included with the film in SD.
He was so delighted to see them on DVD and blue ray now.
I've watched it several times and have recommended to many friends.  
I thought about putting up a command hook to hang it off of if the suction didn't work.  
Fit does seem kinda small but is perfect for my two year old.
She loved these classics.
What really annoyed me:#1:  This film suffers from sequel syndrome.  
I used to watch this on TV every time I saw it on, and oddly enough, most of the time I was hungover.  
If you look close enough you can also find educational tributes as well.
The special features includes a villian house party game and trailers to other Disney Channel movies on DVD.
Well, he's a fast growing boy and will adjust, I'm sure.
Now that I'm older it's still one of my top 10 fav movies of all time, and it will always be.
This is a good couples movie.
There were several scenes that the dialog became a little difficult to distinguish but not to the point that I felt making adjustments to my receiver would be needed.
Love the story of peterpan.
I even tried to bleed the dye out of the dress but nothing helped.
As the kids of Third Street Elementary School depart for summer break, Theodore Jasper "T.J." Detweiller learns that, among all of his friends, he will be home alone for the summer as the rest of the gang are off to various summer camps, which, as the movie later shows us, all seem to be in the same state or something.  
It is amazing.
While many think I may be cold and emotionless and it's quite unfashionable to be critical of this movie, I had actually been incredibly impressed by Pixar's track record prior to this film.
Technical:We bought ours from 'King Toys' seller, through prime, everything got here very well packed, in the box, brand new.
Finally on the last day of the expedition Clayton tricks Tarzan into taking the group to see the gorillas.
Some can cry foul and how these classic film can be pushed off as entertainment for children, but once again, these classic animated films were a product of its time.  
If you have young sensitive kids, you might want to skip the first few minutes.
A good one-time watch.
I would love to order more.
Even posted a picture of the first waffle on Facebook.
Everytime I watch it brings back great childhood memories.
Scroogerello:  While experiencing a fever, Scrooge has an extended dream sequence parodying the fairy tale of Cinderella, with himself in the titular role.  
Cannot wait for Finding Dory!
There are so many wonderful things in this movie I don't have the time or skill to get it all down, but just watch it for yourself..
Even if you don't have kids, worth watching.
One of my favorite movies from my childhood, got to introduce my 5 year old to it this year!
The frame was created solely to placate those persons who'd otherwise freak out at the sight of blackness on the vertical sides of their widescreen televisions while viewing a 1:33:1 film.
I know I should have looked for this sooner.  
Although this DVD doesn't contain a full-length audio commentary, the "Reflections On Alice" featurette is a satisfying retrospective on Lewis Carroll's stories, Walt Disney's efforts to bring them to the screen, and the impact of the 1951 film.
It is high quality and the sword has some type of cardboard inside so it swings and looks really great.
The side characters are very memorable; Mrs. Potts the teapot who knows exactly right from wrong, her cute teacup son, and of course Lumiere and Cogsworth.
Its contributions to the art and cinematic form of animation are undeniably enormous, and only a very small number of animated cartoons have come anywhere close to equaling its breathtaking artistry.
Very nicely presented in their package, too.  
Two never-before-seen deleted scenes: titled "Two Leaves" and "Bambi and the Reed," they are nice scenes shown in storyboard form, but really would have only slowed the movie down.
I can easily see myself watching this multiple times throughout the year just to watch the 3D effects.
Its was perfect and as pictured and described.
The chest is just made of cardboard not wood though.
I have not watched this and never will.
He told me when it comes out in Blu-ray can you buy it.  
Maybe it was the excitement of my upcoming trip (I was going to Disney World), or maybe I was just drunk still from the night before.
Finding Nemo takes its viewers along on the offbeat voyage of an overprotective clownfish father, Marlin (Albert Brooks), as he attempts to locate his lost (abducted) son, Nemo (Alexander Gould).
Two of them on each DVD.  
Was looking for a Mack truck that would hold cars from the movie Cars and not have issues about staying closed or open.  
Remembered me of my times as a kid that this would be quite something to go during my childhood.
I particularly like the background when Peter and the kids are flying over London.  
I recommend this DVD to anyone who like Jennifer Garner....
You will love it!
Is what it says, a doll to play with and 3 tony plastic bears to go with.
but like I said, you get what you pay for at this price.
Walt Disney and those who provided the voices also have interesting things to say.
Waffle iron works great, and makes me smile every time I use it - If you're going to make waffles anyway, why not make Mickey Mouse waffles?  
I can't even begin to describe how beautiful the picture looks, but the reds are pure fire, the tea party is a kaleidoscope of every vibrant color you could dream of, the Rabbit's eyes are are a hypnotic magenta that I've never seen before because the standard definitions couldn't bold them enough.  
If you don't own any edition, then the Blu Ray is by far the best choice.
The episodes on Volume One are:Disc 1:Catteries not IncludedThree Men and a BoobyThe CarpetsnaggersPiratsy Under the SeasAdventures in SquirrelsittingFlash the Wonder DogThe Pound of the Baskervilles:Parental Discretion RetiredRisky BeesnessDisc 2:Bearing up BabyOut to LaunchDale Beside HimselfKiwi's Big AdventureA Lad In A LampThe Battle of the BulgeGhost of a ChanceAn Elephant
For many of them, it was their first big assignment: Pinocchio himself was done mostly by Milt Kahl, with some contributions done by Frank Thomas and Ollie Johnston; Jiminy Cricket was handled by Ward Kimball, and this assignment was the only thing that kept him at the Disney Studios after two of his scenes originally planned for Snow White were discarded; Art Babbitt, in one of his last Disney projects, animated Geppetto, whom the animator thought to be his greatest accomplishment;
However, I did not like it as a kid.
She's funny, sassy, fearless, precocious.  
I'm a bit of a Blu Ray classic Disney connoisseur.  
Talented voice acting help with the character ant plot development as well as humor which is common throughout the film.
It is very thin and flimsy, but that is to be expected.
Picture and sound are amazing.
My 9 month old can easily remove it and if I push it all the way to the wall, while on the spout, the water flow is halfway covered.  
We could've explored his feelings but instead, the dad tells him to get over it and we move on.  
The 3D really makes it come alive.
Interesting concept but falls short - my son only played with it a few times.  
Cycloptic Mike is so Crystal and I love it when he is so excited about being in a commercial and on the cover of a magazine that when his image is blocked, his enthusiasm remains.
The 3D blu-ray left me feeling cheated.
My children loved this movie.
Not only is the picture much more colorful and the image has been respectfully cleaned up, but the 3d was very good also!
Keenen was good as detective Andre Shame this video got hammered by Hollywood because it wasnt PC but it was plenty of action sad that Hollywood is supposed to be so progressive but wouldnt really give this video a chance since you live in the real world and are in touch with real society and can think for yourself if you like action movies you will like this.
Now he talks about turtles and calls out the fish at the library in the tank by name!
With that in mind, when we received it, we went about making some family popcorn and sitting down for a great film (IMHO).
CARS lacks the heart of the TOY STORY films and FINDING NEMO.
Thank you, Amazon!!
Alias is a great example of the new adventure genre which combines heroes, heroines, conspiracy and wow gadgets and scenarios.
But I'm glad they were included as I will love watching them with my own kids.
This was a gift for my daughter who also received the Aurora princess doll.
Update: Pirates of the Caribbean 5: Dead Men Tell No Tales has not been given the green light by the studio, but they hope to release it in Summer 2016.
Looking forward the new Monsters Inc. movie coming out this summer.
Fiennes portrays Van Doren as a witty, charming Connecticut Yankee from an influential family.  
My daughter loves this puzzle and puts it together over and over.
In fact, by the end of it, they're converted to...well, I'll let you find out.
Our son LOVES his buzz lightyear toy!
And Wigand returns the complement.  
My first purchase was $19.17 for the CARS BD Combo Gift Set, the BD Prince of Persia at $31.95, and Pirates 3 BD at $13.00.  
Great sequel to the original movie.
In fact I think I like it as much as the first one.
The game was not challenging enough my girls, and they felt too silly when they had to act out the part of the princess.
The song "When You Wish Upon A Star" is soft and delightful.
These episodes might be missing songs because copyright holders decided to refuse to release the rights, but they are still special.  
Naturally he is unable to get anyone to believe him after his earlier humiliation but impending invasion waits not for the reconciliation of the boy who cried wolf, oh wait wrong fairy
They're SUPER durable, and we know he'll be able to pass them along to his own kids one day!  
I just love this series.
The picture is so pure, so clean, so detailed that you will see much more that you ever had before.
Layouts & BackgroundsAnimation1.
The Disney film is of course animation.
I watched this movie when it was in theatres and remember being not all that impressed, but after a second viewing 10 years later I thought it was surprisingly good.
If you loved Bandaras in Zorro, you will appreciate him in this film rendition of Michael Crichton's "Eaters of the Dead."
Arrived as described.
Was a world away from the traditional Disney film!
I don't have a favorite episode, but watch Ben Vereen doing Mr. Cellophane...simply brilliant!Great disc.  
My 4.5 years old girl loves this nap mat.  
One of the best kids movies from all times.
"Brother Bear" might not be as popular as many of the Disney classics, but it deserves another look.
They were bored.  
It will suit our purposes well i.e. hold little baby clothes.
This horse is beautiful, well made, and the perfect size for my daughter to play with and for her merida doll to ride.
There were so many better episodes than the ones that they picked!
He runs around the house like he is riding it and also loves to hug it.  
Some of the references between Tim and Jill are of the adult variety, but it's not a bad thing to have the opportunity to explain the meanings of double entendres within the context of a loving marriage.
This movie is a must have in every movie library.
This was purchased for my granddaughter.
It's his favorite movie.
He was so happy to get a new copy, as this was one of his favorite movies when he was growing up.  
Well done, and good film for families, etc.  
i always thought it was hilarious
However, I am a more casual fan and still enjoyed it.
Sloan is fleshed out more than he was previously as we begin to learn more of his motivations and the truth of exactly what he may (or may not) know about what's going on around him.
Cinderella II: Dreams Come TrueIII.
The story never gets old.
They love it so I love it
Disney has got to be responsible for more children's nightmares than any other movie studio.
Perfect example, Clayton who attempts to kidnap Tarzan's whole ape family and kills Kerchak in the process!  
Now that my oldest daughter is 3, we still have it.  
Bambi: Inside Walt's Story Meetings - A pretty awesome featurette.  
The amination of the film is creative and brillant use of color.  
I used to watch it as a kid.
The Suspense builds as archenemy Demona releases a plot to turn the population of New York City into Statues and we learn more about these Creatures of the night through many flashbacks.
NOT GOOD AT ALL.
It has an amazing story and great soundtrack.
It is a good movie.
The cover and CD came in excellent condition, and I am very happy with my purchase of The Little Mermaid (Two-Disc Platinum Edition). :)
My daughter can put it together independently.
No small pieces to worry about and appears to be durable.
She plays with it everyday and it really is a beautiful set.  
It's clearly one of the best Disney special features I have seen thus far!*
Filmmakers Ron Clements and John Musker were under a lot of pressure to deliver a good film with The Little Mermaid, as it was one of the most expensive productions Disney had undertaken in the pre-computer graphics days.
i recommend the purchase and shipping was quick.
The series continues.
I loved this movie and, more important, my daughter loved it too.
To know the movie you must not read all of the reviews.
I love the way they designed the case and find it fun the way the two ends come apart was also glade that the disc each had there own place to snap in unlike some others season ive gotten.
It came in fast, my niece love watching this.
Shot throughout the picturesque North Yorkshire, the film is beautiful to look at, and Mirren and Walters are wonderful as the longtime friends whose bond is both strengthened and tested by their mutual desire to raise money to fight the disease that took their friend and husband away.
Lots of humor and a happy ending.  
Just wish it was a little better quality.
Players get to collect items to decorate your Tiara and Bracelet and turn yourself into a very beautiful princess.
I like the idea, so my son can put in his own "cds."
This is a great family film with a fun storyline and soundtrack.
My son is an avid pirate lover who just had to have this collection.  
I wonder how it would look if Pixar took a crack at it?
It is supper cute and made much better than Lambie!  
The bonus material is also very good, but there is a really irritating misstep in the menu.
I highly recommend this set to all who love history, real American heroes, or just enjoy watching classic Disney shows.
What's good about the film?
Of course "Nemo" was so worth the wait (love the movie).
I purchased this DVD used and it works great!
On the one hand, big business is bigger than ever and the reach is longer.
,,, a not slippery bottom and a drainer!?!?
The Hunchback of Notre Dame4) Honey, We Shrunk OurselvesBambi: The Magic Behind the Masterpiece
I should also mention Mark Mothersbaugh, who began his association with Anderson on this film by contributing to the soundtrack.
Save this one for after you've seen all those Disney classics.
If you're worried about it, buy directly from Disney.
The box, on the other hand, is pretty weak.
I would recommend this for any tot!
This movie is definitely a cult classic of the "Brit.-humor" variety.
The tail came loose while playing with it.
This is an excellent story of the courage of one man who help smuggle people out of danger, all the while not caring for his safety.
Several featurettes focusing on the making of the film and the music are included.
He gets VERY frustrated trying to get them to stand up, but they don't!
My daughter wanted this, after seeing it on the computer or in a catalog or something, I couldn't find it in stores anymore, so I went on here and ordered it.  
The delivery was quick.  
In this playset, the tops and skirts are separate.
My daughter loved getting this movie.  
She loves it and sleeps with it every night.  
Grand daughter age 4, loved the little friends from the Disney channel.  
Naturally, there's lots of bloodshed and killing, but since it's a Disney film it's done without explicitness or gore.
These movies only loosely portray the actual Davy Crockett and Mike Fink-they are more like heroic tales.
but it does the trick.
Wish I grew up in this era!
After watching this movie again, I am always left wondering at how little box office attention it drew.
Disney lovers, HD fanatics and anybody else - this is a must-have for the collection.
Great SFX, funny storyline, great family entertainment.  
It got my oldest grandchild interested in history.
Other special features include cast auditions, a film to storyboard comparison, storyboards, an episode of The Charlie Rose Show Featuring Wes Anderson and Bill Murray, the theatrical trailer, an image gallery, and audio commentary by Anderson, co-writer Owen Wilson, and actor Jason Schwartzman (which was recorded in 1999).
It is a great movie, my husband even thinks so and he hates children's movies.
We have had this hamper for 3 years and now both my 3 and 2 year old still play with it
So for puzzle one each piece has a skull on the back of it.
She has a lot of Disney movies and this is a great addition to her collection.
Gotta love sophomoric humor some times.  
(Rapunzel was a different story, they later recalled her due to her hair, they have a different version for sale now and replaced her, so kudos to their excellent customer service!)  
It's weird to think people used to think like that.
Needless to say the protagonist is a lousy student.  
My kids are little, which means I dread taking them potty in public restrooms.  
Came double wrapped in excellent condition.
Captain Hook will leave you wanting to see what he will do next!  
I have grown to love Wes Anderson and his films, all somewhat surrealistic, and more than obviously inspired by both New Hollywood films of the sixties and also the artistic and cinematography of French New Wave films like Breathless, Pierot Le Fou and Jules et Jim(referenced slightly in the Life Aquatic, "Not This One.").
Another main theme is brotherly love, and this is a real tear jerker in places.
and also a great price!
so the little one won't be coming to you every five second to help you to put those darn hands thourgh those narrow sleeves and that was a huge struggle.
Only issue is that it, like the book, ends very quickly.
but she loves it
Dark Of The Moon), and Christy Carlson Romano(Kim Possible).
I love this movie to the extreme and this movie is action packed and funny.  
The discs are houses in their usual tin case with a reproduction of Disney art, a booklet and the COA.******I
That seems to be the only way to keep the "money people" from polluting the "creative people" in Hollywood.
He seemed incredulous that Grandma didn't know who the famous "#95" was... it turned out to be a SUPER durable little car, so Grandpa & I bought the rest of the racers and the spies for his birthday (in case you know as little as Grandpa & I did last year, before being introduced to this world of cars, there were 11 race cars in a 3-country World Grand Prix race, and the others were Francesco Bernoulli, Lewis Hamilton, Max Schnell, Miguel Camino, Raoul Caroule, Shu Todoroki, Carla Veloso, Nigel Gearsley, Rip Clutchgoneski, and Jeff Gorvette.  
So if you're only buying this as a collector's item, which is honestly the only reason to buy the 1999 'limited issue' considering there are newer versions available to buy, then do yourself a favor and ask the seller if the 'proof of purchase' is still intact.
This was quite upsetting to my 3 year old because the first thing to go was their eyes.  
He really loves this horse.
It was OK.  
We can all relate to the experience of logic and proportion falling away because it has happened to us.
But despite my moaning, this is still a good set.  
I thought parts were just too scary for kids under six.
Based on a true story, you must watch this movie to understand.
For 30 seconds.
The shorts range anywhere from 6 to 21 minutes and are much more diverse than past collections featuring one character.
great movie and story line and lots of action with out all that sex, which movies always add to make it longer.
Very cute, clean, and a good moral.  
The film that established Wes Anderson as a major American independentfilmmaking voice, after his very promising  debut with 'Bottle Rocket'.
For Disney nostolgia fans, this is something you just can't miss, if you're able to find any original copies left.  
Recommend Blu-ray though.
It is a film that I have loved since I was a kid, especially as I was a fan of Ricky Schroder and Elliot Gould as a child, and this film had me on the edge of my seat when I first saw it.
None of the cinema versions has yet come close to matching the books, yet the material itself has made most of them worth watching.
Never had an issue.
THIS WAS OUR FAVORITE DECORATION!
they are secured with little patches of velcro.these fit my 2 year old well, but they won't last much longer for my 4.5 year old.
but My son is obsessed with these cars.
Rented it on a 2 hour drive with granddaughter, who had seen the latest movie,  she watched it,, not much more to type
Top them off with "'Peter Pan' Sing-Along," Disney game intermissions, and DisneyView Side Bars and you've got special features packed to the limit.
Some plush representations of characters are good.  
Will definitely continue to watch movies on Amazon Instant Video in the future!
The monsters are very cartoon and mostly funny, but a few of them might take a few minutes of getting used to for the youngest or most sensitive/visual children.
They are so happy that Grammy got this movie for them to watch when they are at our house.  
Im NOT happy.
Disney View - Watch the movie in this expanded viewing experience with new Disney art in the wings of the screen.
It shows the perspective of the person hiding the Jews.  
Nicely wrapped up and exceptionally good characters, script and cinematography.  
It captures the teenage spirit exactly.
His size is perfect, relative to the talking Woody, talking Jesse, talking Zurg, and plush Bullseye being sold on Amazon.  
I can't recommend this movie enough.
So what happens in the end?
He puts a smile on my face :)  
The heart of the story involves an unusual love triangle.
There's nothing for the adult viewer here.
but I never grow tired of the story.
What defines a beauty?
like 1 or 2 years.  enjoy this timeless tale.
Tom Selleck, Ted Danson, and Steve Guttenberg are three funny guys who feed off each other.
I love pirates!
Full of comedy and action but very clean and touching.
I don't think this set will make it for the long haul
He is happy to watch this movie over and over!
In the 80's after Disney struck gold with The Gummi Bears and Wuzzles for syndicated and saturday mornings, they decided to bring Carl Banks's beloved comic strip "Ducktales" as a cartoon series.
It has it all a character for both girls and boys to like.. if you have a girl or boy at home its a cute must have movie to add to your collection.
It's a shame that this volume has to sit on the shelves without having the second half beside it.  
2. 3D Alignment.
WHICH I COULD CARE LESS BECAUSE I ORDERED OZ MAINLY FOR HER!
I cant wait for my grandchildren to enjoy this movie.
The figures are cute but they aren't really anything that a kid would carry around at all times.
A great episode introducing a mysterious new character.  
My daugther got it for her 3rd birthday and loves it.  
I was so EXCITED and PLEASED to receive this item!  
My only complaint is that they reduced Tarzan to a bit of a boob who always does the wrong thing before finally rallying near the end.  
it was good to see the same cast back in this one.
Fun sequel to Princess Diaries 1.  
sat down and watched the whole set in one sitting.
My husband was even disappointed and he rarely cares about toys.
Art Design: Impressions of the Foreste.
The child girl in this movie reminds me a lot of Agnus in Despicable me.
The original TV introductions by Walt Disney for "Alice in Wonderland".*
The corporate set-up of the Monsters Inc. world is brilliant.
Besides Bambi, my favorite characters are Thumper and Flower.  
This one is fantastic.
I recommend this movie to anyone young or old.
First and foremost, the figurines are cute!
Wish Minnie was on the sheets as well instead of only the comforter and pillowcase
This is a great movie for parents to enjoy with their kids.
We bought a buzz from that red circle store several years ago.
In short, this was A SMASH HIT!For some reason, Cars 2 was not nearly such a success with either her or her parents.  
Sound and picture were all one could ask for.
It is a family movie.
Nothing looks so bad that I would call them total trash, but it's obvious that they could have looked a lot better.
The Legend of Johnny Appleseed5)
It was a mature, intelligent animated series.  
We both donned our tiara, bracelet and ring and began to play.  
A good buy.
That being said, it is a great set and highly recommended however you acquire it.
However it doesn't seem to have much else artistically or stylistically going for it.
He and Vanellope are my favorite characters!!
We're not very happy with the quality.  
Great plush for the price for any Toy Story 3 fan.
My son watches it almost everyday.
I think the cutting must have been pretty artful, because the parts I don't remember were not all that germane to the story.
I have seen this movie with my grandchildren and we loved it
You have to love Jake, and this one is a beauty.
She loved it then and still does.
I am happy with it.
This is a very plush and cute Sulley.
It also has the three versions of the film plus the audiocommentary and looks great for SD (better than the platinum) but it's a far cry from the quality of the Blu-Ray.Beauty and the Beast is a fantastic film and a must-own for everyone.
Make some popcorn and be prepared to feel a lot of emotion throughout this one.
I saw this film in the theater when I was a kid.  
Thank you - good product.
It's cute, funny, exciting and has a great story line.
I did not think that this was a movie that I would watch several times.  
great movie for the kids for todays kids yip with the combo standard good to enjoy with the kids 2 see..................
The toy is soft and flexible/floppy, and just right for little hands to carry and hold.
Got it for my 3-yo son, and he loves it.
The movie is a very good quality.
And then when I took the puzzle pieces to glue that together I realized the separator was broken off and cracked as well.
This started life on the birthday cake.  
It is just a fun movie to watch.
No negative feedback with respect to this transaction.
its a good family fun movie for the whole family  love dorie  the best  that character  made the movie  fun
It is definitely worth the upgrade to Blu-ray.
I love kim possible movie so the drama how little toys become so dangers.
"The battle scenes are exciting, and the climactic confrontation with the Wendol is reminiscent of Branagh's "Henry V," right down to the rain and mud.
My bad for not reading the description more carefully, but it was Christmas
Why did we run?Man...was in the forest.
It seems very well made and the mickey face is clear and distinct.
A bit long and nostalgic, much of which goes over the heads of kids, but that's okay.
My wife and I took a couple of young nieces to see Cars in the theater, and we all loved it.
At approximately $!2
This is Pixar at its best, and also the master influence of Walt Disney and Hayao Miyazaki at work.
it was enjoyable, it's like every family experiencing the ups and downs of every day life, plus it's very funny
I highly recommend this dvd.
You'll recognize at least one face from Downton Abbey.  
Besides being uninspired it seems unsure about what kind of film it wants to be.
You also cannot push more than one button at once.
This is a Great toy!
Cars has a good message and little boys will especially like the characters on wheels.
The other version has his trademark lightning bolt along with small Hudson Hornet Piston Cup logos on his sides, a large Rust-eze logo on his hood along with four other Rust-eze labels on his rear, and Lightyear tires with red hubcaps.  
It started off well, rolled into a tedious bore of a ride, and ended pathetically in a "who cares?" way.
I remenber seying it on the cinema...
Glad to receive it.
Only one extra feature is basically a song player -- I would have liked to see a few episodes from the Emmy-winning "New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh" series.
Wish I had buckskin fringe jacket & a coonskin hat just like Davy.
It has the basic simple conflict of good vs evil.
He seems to be sleeping better now too and doesn't move so much in his bed like he usually does!
Definitely recommend this movie, when your in the mood to escape reality and enjoy Schwartzman's phenomenal performance of the most ambitious teenager of all-time.
Almost as great as the features!
Each episode leaves you wondering who is really who and what is really what.
I dislike Clover's base.
And then the reporters come and the allegations come and the pressure pushes down on him and the producers to save face.
my 2 year old bought this on accident on my tablet's Amazon app by one-click-order :P.  Just happened to be right before Easter, so she got it in her Easter basket.  
On the other hand, my kids like it and have watched it several times.
The narrator is Dinah Shore.
excellent movie show to watch, great price, came in no time, full of adventure and action, and the funny jack spero
Though it does not have a drain at the bottom, which is so convenient, I still like it a lot.
HIS BED IS GETTING QUITE FULL...
I'd buy it again in a heartbeat or buy it as a gift for anybody without hesitation.
It has held up great over the last 6 months and still looks brand new.  
15.00 for a dvd...blue ray isnt much more than that.
Children may relate to her confusion at seeing so many strange things in the world, and her sense of wonder when she encounters them, but I think it would be too much to suggest that there is any child quite like her.
(Much happier than the book!)
I would recommend for any Mickey fan!
he made watching the movie fun even though I have watched it before.
Well worth searching for!
but I wanted to add some other information to my review.
My wife and I are getting ready to have a baby boy.  
The crisp angles are razor sharp and each color's nuance is shown to best advantage.
I wish stuff like that still existed.  
The combination of plot, characters and music were perfect and in the end you get a movie that is timeless and music that you cannot get out of your head (can you say 'Under the Sea...').
All in all, a great story and a great movie.
In Walt's Words - "Why I Made Peter Pan" - (7:46) Introduced by Ron Clements and John Musker, an audio of Walt Disney's article of why he created "Peter Pan".
Disney obviously made this weak film just as an excuse to make money selling toy cars to little boys.
This toy is super cute!
Endless Play alone or with friends.  
Based on a true story it crosses the Atlantic from England and across American to L.A. and back again.
And adults can easily throw the game or handicap themselves by letting the little ones see under what they uncover increasing their ability to win.
For my granddaughter - she has watched it on tv over and over.
The Making of Bambi: A Prince Is Borna.
Ariel, the mermaid, is her favorite character in this movie, but she was enthralled with Sebastian, the crab ordered by King Triton (ariel's dad) to watch over Ariel, and Flounder, who is Ariel's best friend.
It made a great Christmas gift.
the whole family enjoyed it, laughed most of the way through it, and like to watch it again and again.
It was easily one of the outstanding animated films of the year, and since then, we've watched the DVD several times.
I normally do not like to leave negative comments, but I do not want to see another little girl upset.  
They traded them for some truly excellent pins at the park.  
Keeping up the Disney legacy.
Very reasonably priced and just the ticket to put a smile on his face !!!!
If you have a Disney collection Pinocchio is a must.
The turtles are downright hysterical and Pixar has set it s standard a notch higher.
We plan to introduce our two young nieces, ages 6 and 4, to the series.
That being said, the film has a more joyous feel than the previous entry.
There was tons of it.  
The protagonist, played economically by Russell Crowe, is a study in controlled rage, whereas the normally bombastic and scene-eating Al Pacino is uncharacteristically reined in as a CBS producer- providing a superb counterpoint to Crowe's controlled chemist, Jeff Wigand.  
I like the songs in it too.  
I had a crush on Suzanne Pleshette back in the day.
All the pieces were an appropriate size for a small child however the glitter on the pieces was slightly rough and came off easily onto your hands.
Here they are much cheaper and look brand new.  
But his unstable invention has created a vortex that threatens to engulf New York.  
Anyone information/reply is greatly appreciated.
It is a nice set though and the details are well done.  
I bought this movie ten years ago.
The toy is heavy and inevitably he carries it by the wings.
He cannot understand their language, but his guiderelays what they say during this gathering.
My girls three and five absolutely love this movie.  
Disney Studios saw some hard times in the "war years" resulting in some lesser know or well received titles to sustain the studio with these short subjects and war films for the military.
I was hoping for spectacular but ended up with below basic.
I rented this movie because we have a Memo and Dorie and my husband can't believe the connection between these two fish.
The material is very soft and shiny.  
It's tough, durable, fun, and looks EXACTLY like Woody.  
For me, a classic takes at least a couple decades to develop.
My favorite part was then end.
Disney has managed to cram all of the original extras from the 2006 Platinum Edition DVD onto this Diamond Edition Blu-ray, plus a host of all-new features.
He loves playing with cars in general and I would love to get the movie Cars eventually for him.
first time I saw Zoey was in this movie, love her too(she's hot), very cute and nice girl.  
I remember watching this show after school as a kid.  
The only issue we have is the bra top with the mermaid outfit.
Looked awesome on my 3D Plasma.
The faces are not completely accurate, as other reviewers stated, but it's still obvious which princess each is intended to be, and my daughter doesn't seem to care at all.
bye bye to her poop.
i laughed , i cried , it felt as though i was right there with these folks with there emotional ups and downs
Now, as for the "meat" of my review, what has bothered me--yes for years, is the birthday scene.  
For a look at young unrequited love and the life of a young male adolescent, however unique he may be, this film is unmatched and the excellent direction, coupled with some stunning performances throws up a surprisingly good film that can be enjoyed again and again.
One of my all time favorite Disney movies.
Great picture, big piece and strong material.
But perhaps that needn't have happened if they'd managed to put in the 12 minutes they were planning to do for this film but were prevented because of World War II.  
Revelations:  Matt Bluestone is finally shown the truth about the Gargoyles by a man supposedly a member of the Illuminati, to make up for Elisa's deceit, Matt enlists Goliath's help to uncover the Illuminati, who seek to capture him for their own personal gains.  
It's been put into the dvd library for now, but will in a few short months, bring more fun to those same kiddos!!  
Lambie was a nice surprise for my girl and helped her to feel more comfy.
the first is a story of a circus bear wanting to live in the wild.
Of course, we've all heard "When you wish upon a star," which becomes the theme song for Disney movies, even today.  
Yes, this film has stood the test of time (if 20 years can really be regarded as a serious `test') and has proven to be one of, if not THE, most beloved Disney film currently in circulation.  
When we were done, it was shoved under a bed (without the usual, "Can we play again?").
Like most Disney movies, this one has humor and story for both young and old!
The movie shows how learning about one another eliminates fear and invites cooperation.
Belle (Paige O'Hara) is not like the other girls in her small French village.
The studio's 9th effort Fun and Fancy Free is a charming group of short subjects worthy of a place in any Disney fan's library.
It arrived within the alloted time frame and was well packaged and well received by my very excited Granddaughter.  
All the different currancy, countries, characters, all put together, another world that is real!  
This does not come with the brush you do the math.
The puzzle itself has pieces that don't go together extremely well.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.  
John Goodman's voice is perfect for the art of the big hairy monster.
I finally broke down and bought it in the dvd format, but will probably buy it when it comes out in blu-ray.  
I will sit down and watch this my daughters and recite the lines with them.
I love this movie and I recommend it to all of my friends and family members.  
As a side note, the Disney online store sells these things for 24.50.  
These are not the typical cheap bath toys you feel comfortable throwing away and replacing every few months, so we actually cut a hole in the bottom so they will fully drain.
This movie surprised me.  
Top Duck:  Launchpad's family comes to visit while the Beagle Boys eye Scrooge's new jet so that they can use it to pilfer his Money Bin.  
The price was great.
My grandson, two years old, loves these Mickey Mouse characters.
The wings are easily smashed and aren't the shape of Tinker Bell's actual wings.  
colors looks great, lossless audio is clear and encompassing.
I thought the Blu Ray version would be in widescreen, but it is not.  
You have to just watch it..
Stone by day, Alive by night, they are the Gargoyles led by the mighty Goliath and the beautiful Demona.
Take it for what it is.
Good life lessons.
The relevance of this point to the film is that the East India Company's supposed motive for trying to wipe out piracy simply doesn't make sense.
One of Disney's classics.
And it's al thanks to "Cars"!
I'm going to purchase a new copy soon.
This set is perfect for a toddler bed.
Such is the worlds of dreams.
Disney View - While watching "Alice in Wonderland", instead of black borders on the sides, Disney View adds artwork that on those black borders by Michael Humphries.  
Back in 2009, when I heard it was going to be released on a "Special Edition" DVD, I was happy and wanted to get it, mainly because I wanted to see it again and relive my younger childhood.
One of the big issues I have with this film is the story.  
I don't know why they told me they weren't there anymore.
We've watched this quite a few times.
If you asked every fan you could find to think of a single scene, episode, or arc from any part of the series that really stuck with them I'd guarantee you'd get more answers from this season than any other and it wouldn't be close.
Other than her head, which swivels, Treasure does not have any moveable parts.  
The price is fair overall
This Buzz is still fully intact and AWESOME!
Visually, it is almost overwhelming -- on the big screen, recently in 3D, on DVD and now on Blu-ray, where every details sparkles.
Nobody is getting their movie reviews from Amazon, believe me.
This movie is great for all ages and has many teaching moments in it... for all of us.
i use 2 love gettin up in the morning & watchin all my favorite disney cartoons...and this jst happens to be one of them
Easy to build and fun to play with.
My boys, in their teens, luv this movie.
The differences between the Blu-Ray and DVD versions visually are striking, and that's admitting the DVD looks great.
I am a grandfather and me and my grandson still play cars.
I have compared the blu-ray to the former dvd version, and the blu-ray version is so much clearer and the colors are vibrant and pop out at you.
Johnny Depp and the other actors do a great job again!  
It still has his quirky style and music usage, but the characters are actually relatable and the plot is relatively straightforward.
Its a great laugh out loud movie.  
Also offered to fix any problems with DVD and there was none.
They lived off the legacy he created.
Many were excited over Tarzan's skater-like tree hopping, and yet it does become a tad redundant and corny after a while.  
This is a great toy.  
But it is sturdy, safe for wee ones, and looks really great.
So excited to have this on DVD!
There are other great actors and actresses of this film (I am just keeping it brief to get to the point).
These are really cute figurines, heavy enough to stand up on their own.
A young child could chock on this if they sucked and nipped at it's fur.  
Then again, maybe the movie is about how eating mice will make you strong.
Only complaint is a bit too much "Alice in Wonderland" and no "Casey at the Bat" but still excellent.
This is a great family movie.
It should also be noted that the influence Finding Nemo has had on the collective industry in general is undeniable.  
I watch it all the time and was glad it came so fast!
It is even better in blu-ray!
It is rather cheaper, not worth the price my wife says.
Loved the movie and loved the 3D.
Compared to modern animation, the classics contain more warmth and less peril.
I quickly opted for another more compelling movie; Super 8, which turned out not much better than Cars, but it got me sitting and watching until its end.
Reinventing The Submarine Voyage    Deleted Scene: Alternate Opening    A Lesson in Flashbacks    
I keep seeing Monty Python, which I found tedious at times.
I like the ocean theme, and I also like how Ursula is a luring villain, similar to Kaa.
But they are fun for the 3-5 year old!
My 11 month old loves getting in the bath to play with them only have 2 small gripes1.
Maurcie & Philippeh.
They were comparable in price and she could play with them after.  
Obviously not all toilets are the same shape/size, so these folding seats will not fit just right on every toilet, and I don't think they're as long as they should be.
This is good family entertainment and a great start for any young person interested in American History.  
Just give everyone at the table a single, minuscule petit four--how about that, or go even farther, just have one tiny little petit four for everyone, mouse-sized pieces for all to "enjoy".  
Thanks to all involved!p.s.
My daughter is obsessed with Frozen, so for her she is happy!  
The deluxe doll from the Princess and Friends collectioncomes with Gorgeous Raja figurine that alone sells for over 10.00 even used.the doll comes with insainely beautiful outfit with sophisticated fabricslong gorgeous high quality shawl/pazmina type of thinggorgeous necklacegorgeous erringsgorgeous dollbeautiful brushable hairNow make no mistake, the deluxe doll comes with a brush and I guess the reasonfor it is because they know it is brushable.
I bought this tub because my 7 month old sits up now but still loses balance in the regular tub.
If you haven't seen this movie, trust me; go watch Finding Nemo again, or go see The Incredibles, that's an okay one too.
In the central Bronx, lest you get the idea that borough is a vast wasteland as depicted in "Bonfire of the Vanities.
Cute set for the price.
Maleficent's  complexion  is  pale grayish green with yellow side glancing eyes, thin arched brows and dramatic black cat eye makeup.  
After a previous one deflated from a hole we bought this and I like even more than my first.
After some resistance, his uncle Scrooge takes the boys and that's where the series begins.
Three Enchanting Versions of Beauty and the Beasta.
Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
Bambi is an adorable newborn fawn at the beginning, and his twin babies are equally adorable at the end.
Pure visual junk, not funny, not entertaining.
This movie is a classic.
Bearing up Baby: In a real treat for classic Disney fans, Chip, Dale, and the gang encounter another old adversary of Donald Duck's, Humphrey the Bear, as he adopts the toddler son of a careless camping couple.
I don't like how the pricing is all over the place on Amazon but the doll is adorable.
The wrists, knees, and ankles bend to pose her for archery.  
I recommend this movie to anyone.
The characters are so cute and don't look like cheap, poorly made plastic toys.
it was also in great condition.
Stuart Little 310.
Growing Up with Nine Old Men - (41:08) Walt's original nine artists for Disney is well-known.  
He was not rough at all with the second Buzz and it still broke so easily.
That is the best thing I can say about this movie.  
They should have just sharpened it up some but not removed somuch of the character of the film.
This is the best movie.
Likely due to the Multicannel PCM sound signal.
We got it on DVD and we already finished the game on Game Cube.
He loves to watch him bounce only thing is we have to hold Tigger for support so he does not fall :/
So happy with this 3 disc Diamond edition - great for any Little Mermaid fan out there, young or old :)
but I will say it doesn't grab stains or dirt like many do.
MY ONLY COMPLAINT (A SMALL ONE) WOULD BE THAT I WOULD HAVE LIKED TO SEE THE PRINCE DECIDE TO COME LIVE UNDER THE SEA WITH ARIEL, AS SHE DID SO MUCH TO MEET AND BE WITH HIM.
Great price for a Disney movie.
However, it is very difficult for my son to switch between the two characters.  
It is very bright and colorful.
Ok, so the fins are great.  
& then as the film goes on, my brain settles in & I don't notice the high-def anymore.
I think that acting in the movie is done fairly well.
However, it wasn't a perfect movie that I feel the need to watch over and over again.
Also there's a lot of pop culture refreance and there's some pretty good licenseds songs in here, not the greatest!
She does need a little help transforming it between the two, but she is still young and it really is not to difficult switch.
My 4 year old Granddaughter was tickled pink when she opened this on Christmas morning.  
Audio/video are great.
i recomend this movie to everyone young and old what a good disney movie this is i think one that every one should have
This is a win win in my estimation.
It was fun, but as I said, exhausting.
Might be one of the best things I have ever bought for the girls.
I really did not think my daughter would notice but she kept asking where Pluto was.
It does not look as fake or wonky as a lot of the computer generated films of yore.
The box art is a delight, especially if you're a fan of Ariel and that bouncy, floaty, wavy red hair of hers.  
I like the story.
The Easter Bunny has informed me that he will be bringing Clover for my Sofia the First obsessed 4 yr old daughter.
They were a bit pricey in my opinion
It was too scary and intense for my 4 year old, and in my opinion, added nothing to the story to know that part of their background.  
I used to watch it as a child.  
Overall, this DVD set is still great, and is definitely worth picking up.
Howard Ashman: In Memoriam5.
Is the ending totally predictable and cheesy?
He is so large and huggable!
In fact, the 3-D works best on the landscapes.
It was a snap to put together.
Tarzan returns the next day stays in the camp off and on to be taught and studied by Jane and Professor Porter.
I trust it isn't a spoiler to say that the calendar is a runaway hit (you wouldn't be watching a film about it if it wasn't), but the story certainly doesn't end there and it's not totally light-hearted.
If it hasn't already, this movie should be returning to the Disney vault soon, so I would suggest buying a copy before they're gone!
If you saw this in the theater you will remember the experience.  
I want to get it on blu-ray next.
The good new is the episodes that are included look remarkably good for their age.
Crab-E-Oke Sing-Along (HD, 15:35).
Meanwhile, Al Pacino does a good job as usual, playing the master orchestrator of the film.
This bear is just perfect for any Toy Story 3 fan.
The Art of Bambia.
Joaquin Phoenix is the voice of the Indian/bear and the character are very good surrounding him, Koda the little cub brother and the 2 mooses[?] are hysterical, hey.
"I'm Odd" Newly Discovered Cheshire Cat Song + Intro - (3:56) Featuring the "I'm Odd" Cheshire Cat song (and intro scene) that was cut from the final cut of the film.
Calling himself the Spot, he tries to steal money to fund his research.
Parents that dont let their kids watch these classic Disney movies are taking away their precious childhood..
My son loves this.
Well worth the money.
Would I get another one or recommend a friend to get it?
But the blow up back cushion is kind of silly, and just holds in water to grow mold.
Rated "PG-13".
A pretty funny episode.  
not sure I would have gotten the humor before either, it's an okay movie, its what you would expect, a stupid comedy.
I'll be waiting on a used one!  
The first movie tells of Davy Crockett's life and finally his death at the Battle of the Alamo.  
Watching this movie in 3D was like seeing a different movie.
The hairdryer is the best as it really works.
And when I say obsessed, I don't use that term lightly!Paige's room is decorated as Ariel.
Good size and soft enough to sleep with.
must b a girl thing.
Beauty and the Beast, is a great movie for ALL ages, and family for entertainment.
Unfortunately, when we blew up the jet pack the day before Halloween and my grandson wore it for about an hour, it began to deflate quickly.  
Fun for the whole family.
But also watching how Disney has evolved animation-wise with the overall look and feel of "Alice in Wonderland".
I would complain, if the movie itself wasn't perfect.
I've seen this countless times.
As for Beauty & The Beast - It's my absolute favorite Disney animated motion picture and the 3D imaging just makes it better.
Briefly joining Bandaras is the ever-handsome Omar Sharif.
Recommended for a good evening's entertainment.
I loved Toy Story as a kid and I love that my son now loves Toy Story!  
When I saw this movie I just had to have it.  
I'm giving it four stars only because the fairies are all stuck together, which limits (in my adult mind) the playability factor.  Educational?....
There's obviously a change in quality between "Brother Bear" and "Brother Bear 2."
Double O duck:  Launchpad finds himself masquerading as Bruno Von Beak, an agent for the Foreign Organization of World Larceny, whose leader Dr Nogood, wants to wipe out the worlds money supply.  
My 3-year-old daughter has watched this I think 10,000 times since we purchased this blu-ray.
I am by no means a child, but Disney will forever be loved.
Im not sure whether to recommend this product or not!
My husband and I have watched it together more than once and I have seen it with a couple of girl-friends before.
Our grandson loves chickens so I cannot imagine a more perfect movie for him to enjoy for years to come.
She likes having the two dolls sit and stand together, and walks around the house carrying one in each hand.3.
My daughters love to watch this movie!
This feature has some funny stuff especially what folks called entertainment in those days.
Sure, `The Silence of the Lambs' was a great film, but it is no where near as beloved as moving as this classic Disney experience!
(He was talked out of this by Morey, Pearce, and others, who felt that Man should never be shown, not even as a shadow.)
******
The new transfer is natural and film-like in its texture.
Recommend getting the balloons to go with it.
It has a G rating, but you better not let the kids watch it alone.
It kind of sounds like when your phone is ringing and your ringtone restarts.  
A never-before-seen color TV intro by Walt.
The lengths of these features range from 1 minute to 10 minutes all totaling around 45-55 minutes.
Russell Crowe and Al Pacino drive the script and Christopher Plummer is a standout as Mike Wallace in this fact based true story.  
It was like Christmas morning!  
Its great for young and old alike, all will enjoy it!
If you enjoy wildlife movies then this is a must have to add to your collection.
In closing, this is a must have release if you are a fan of Disney films.
Under the Scene: The Art of Live Action Reference (Ron Clements, John Musker,Kathryn Beaumont, Sherri Stoner, Joshua Finkel)
His presence in their encampment along with his interpreter Melchisidek (Omar Sharif) coincides with the arrival of a child prince from a distant colony that is being threatened by flesh-eating monsters.
There's some priceless footage of vaudeville comedian Ed Wynn (the voice of the Mad Hatter), Kathryn Beaumont (Alice), and Jerry Colonna (the March Hare) acting out the tea party scene on a soundstage while the animators sketch away.  
Or the Michael Mann and Jeffrey Wigand interviews from the Charlie Rose show?
this remind me of old time when i a little kid, If you want a good laugh then you will purchase this item its good for kids and or adults
Ellen DeGeneres totally makes the whole movie with her ditsy character.  
The Animators Collection doll was hands down the better doll.
When Piglet is dangling from a tree, Tigger tries to comfort him by saying that falling from a large height is just like falling out of bed; the only difference is the "splat" at the end.
Alice in Wonderland is truly one of the best Disney animated feature films everyone will enjoy!
It was well received and his grumpy little expression is cute.  
I won't say, that would be a spoiler, but it made the movie pleasant enough to watch again.
A great deal on an absolute classic, this is a must buy.
Both of my grandchildren enjoy putting it together.  
And considering that over 800 people made reviews of this movie and how barely a handful of them are one-star reviews, the others clearly know what they're saying when they claim this movie rocks the house.
The two main characters are wonderfully delightful and memorizing.
She and her handler Agent Vaughn (Michael Vartan) were separated when the building flooded and Sydney fears he may be dead.
Overall:A fun game that actually requires some thinking rather than just senseless reactions/reflexes.  
These sheets are very colorful unlike the set from Target store.  
I tend to favor movies like Beauty and the Beast and The Hunchback of Notre Dame that have a more insightful approach rather than a superficial appeal.
This 2 1/2 year old is a bit taller than most girls her age, but I bought her the 4t-6x and while a tiny bit big, it will get her through her next growth spurt, but certainly isn't something she will be wearing when she is 4.
My daughter loves it!
As in the original fairy tale, our heroes ascend the plant and encounter a giant (named Wille) and a singing golden harp he has stolen..
They love it!
I'm not one for Christmas music to begin with and listening to the Disney cast sing it get's a little old.
One of the best parts is a group of sea turtles that are riding the AEC (Australian Eastern Current) to Sydney, which is where Dory figured out Nemo had been taken.
be careful showing this movie to really small children as the first scene when nemo's mother is killed is VERY scary to them.
This works great and he's having a blast at tubby time!
Its kinda funny to see Julie Andrews w a sorta drunken voice.
THIS WAS A REQUESTED GIFT AND AMAZON ALWAYS MAKE SHOPPING GREAT
If you haven't seen this, see it.
Purchased this for a song!  
We are the dominant species and we destroy everything in our way.''
The only bright moment in this wreak is the casting of Alan Rickman as Marvin.
Sure is nice to watch something where they don't feel the need to curse, swear with the Lords name, or any such thing.  
Sloane is one of the most brilliant nemesis ever created.
He has some scuffs and some of the stickers were peeling, but all the buttons, sounds, and movements seemed to be working just fine
Both Blu-Ray and DVD have got cleaned-up transfers with rich colors and excellent sound that makes justice to some of Disney's most successful and charming musical numbers.
They look super cute.
The story was kept simple but yet, you are captivated by the film because whether you are a child or a child at heart, it's that adventure of being a child and experiencing a magical world is quite fun.
If you have small children, this is a wonderful dvd with good values and lots of colorful action.
It was one of the few Disney movies I hadn't seen yet.
Even the Arab ambassador, who considers himself educated and 'modern', is a believer in them.  
I bought two of these...supper cute
Right! said by Jiminy Cricket during "Give a little Whistle", I haven't verified that as I wasn't aware of it when I watched the film, but I will check and add to that later.
IMHO its his best work.
BUT, there are many of the same scenes as the book, the characters get stopped on the street by 2 guards, they give babies meds to keep quiet, they go through the houses at randon times, they escape to Sweden via fishing boats, etc.  
the charming children's level and the unique adult take on the adventures of a very curious girl.
If your kid likes Toy Story this toy is well worth the money!!
When we were kids, my sister was obsessed with this movie...enough to have literally worn out the VHS tape from how many times she watched it on a daily basis.
I also ordered a new Pooh soundbox on the theory that maybe mine was messed up, but I don't think it was.  
However, I will be honest, even though I am respecting and somewhat enjoying this film, it didn't really have a great impact on me, the same way it impacted the people when it came out.
Also, trailers for other Disney favorites like Old Dogs, Tinker Bell and The Great Fairy Rescue, My Friends Tigger and Pooh: Super Duper Sleuths and the re-release of James and The Giant Peach.
I was surprised when I learned that the Walt Disney version would have kept the original ending.  
Overall the kids love watching the movie and I highly recommend to add to your Disney Collection.
This is an awesome set, I just wish everything was about twice as big.  
My 3.5 year old son really likes it!  
One of the forsaken few is "Brother Bear."
I feel like spoiling anything would do an injustice to the strong impact that the movie has on your outlook not only on kids in school but the institution of school in general.
I ran out of places to hang these before I could hang them all.
This is a classic movie that every child should have.
DOREY IS HALARIOUS.
Lots of humor.  Bought this one for a gift for someone that I know will enjoy it as well.
The hair dryer really turns on!  
There are no PAL/NTSC issues.
Great job by all.
Hard to complain when we get that featurette.
Very Pretty,Soft not heavy looks great to the Kids I am going to Buy a couple more of them
Animation: older but good, Music: love, kiddo should be exposed to music.  
Love Ariel's struggle for acceptance.
A must see for anyone who has seen The Princess Diaries (1).  
Nothing like the original but it was a good replacement for my Granddaughter's Woody that was ruined by black mold from the house we were renting
Now, after countless viewings, I love it.
This can be helpful, but regularly causes her problems.
I'm glad his children know how truly wonder this honest and courageous man is.
These make up my 'what to see when I'm bored with Hulu and Amazon Instant video' nights.
In the end Eric doesn't really fall in love with Ariel as much as he was obsessed with the voice he heard.
Enjoyed watching this movie again, this time with my 3 year old.
It just isn't a great collection of movies unless you add "Finding Nemo" into it.  
First rate script, excellent editing, top notch animation, and the voices are spot on.  
I love this movie and grabbed this  up when I saw it so I could have a copy for my grandchildren.  
The witch comes back to destroy village.
This movie is twisted when you think about it:1.
Peter Pan: a long-awaited addition to Disney's Blu-ray canon that somehow makes my collection feel more whole, more complete.
The MTV Movie Awards Shorts are brief (three segments, each about a minute long, and a thirty second introduction), but are just fantastic.
We are talking about the TaleSpin....
The movie quickly became one of Disney's first "classics" since 1967's The Jungle Book.
It's a great father and son movie - my 12-year-old son still enjoys it immensely.  
The father must now follow the trail over thousand of miles with only a mentally handicapped woman along to help.
Thanks I'm enjoying it
So glad I finally found this -- why isn't it replayed on TV?
We purchased this along with the comforter to match.
Christopher Plummer, who, I am convinced, is incapable of turning in any less than an ingenious performance, is wry, cynical, and fiery as Mike Wallace.  
The beast confronts him, and keeps him prisoner.
It gives you a live indepth look into the thoughts behind the emotional choices for characters, story, etc.  
I don't know that I ever realized it before...
it's the money, right?
What makes the film interesting is how Ahmed learns the Northmen's language, customs, and earns their respect, though he is an Arab.
A quick call to the Easton, OH Lego store yielded the Tangled tower and the Cinderella castle sets and they were kind enough to ship them to us in PA.
After an unfortunate accident with Elisa and her handgun, Broadway goes on a streak of vengeance against someone he sees selling the stolen guns.  
Don't know what thats about but its happened to a couple of blu-rays on me.
I noticed after less than a month of having them, that Doc no longer has a head.
Both Discs were inside.
The doctor bag is also slightly hard to open and close especially for a small child.
Disney View - While watching the film, you can add Disney View on the sides of the film featuring the artwork of painter Cristy Maltese.
However, this British comedy wasn't all that funny.  
Also, the comforter is nice and thick which I like as my daughters room is slightly cold for my taste.  
very great season but needs to realse the second volume
It is a movie for adults and children, a great family movie.
However, even if I wasn't a big fan of the underwater world, I'd still love this film due to the appreciation of what went into making this film.
Can't find them anywhere.
A little girl I babysat loved to watch it over and over again so I had it memorized as a teenager!My four year old daughter Paige is OBSESSED with The Little Mermaid so it connects my childhood and hers!
I only had Bambi 2, so I went online line and found the original Bambi DVD.  
Chicken Little is just so cute and funny and we love how it ends.  
I used my earphones; which gave me an one on one delightful, almost surround sound, experience.  
My daughter loves it.
It teaches the fundamentals of being a friend and the magical meaning of love in a child's eye.
It's important to note that Disney chose to go with High Resolution audio over lossless DTS-HD Master Audio.  
We got these from the Disney Store directly while on vacation.
Anyway, the Blu-ray copy is perfect.
Trailers & TV Spots - Featuring the original release trailer, large format release trailer and four TV spots plus an introduction by Don Hahn.  Presented in standard definition and was included in the original 2002 DVD.EXTRAS:A DVD version of the feature film is included (all three versions of the film is presented on DVD).  
I bought it because in my opinion it is a classic of American comedies.
a perfect compliment to monsters university for those nights when you go from one movie to the next without argument
Some also complained that they were small, but again the description specified 3" which I assumed would be the longest one, which it was.
The picture and sound transfer is excellant.  
My son is slightly above average, but weighs 22.5 lbs at 12 months.
the had a lot of fun
Arrived on time and in great condition.  
It is just terrible and not organized.
Probably the best of the Toy Story figures.  Looks great in person, just like Buzz from the movies.  
No other reason.  
Can you imagine criminal activities all over a cereal company competition?  
The Northman leader is a fantastic take on Beowulf, right down to the awesome, heroic, and absolute honest refrain of "It's a good die to day," though he does not say it in the movie, but it is the attitude of all great heroes.
Three Men and a Booby: During a disastrous trip to the local supermarket, the Rangers stumble onto the case of a nervous Booby Bird's egg-napped egg!
But, that said, I wanted to review strictly the 3D in this movie since it was obviously done retroactively.  
The nice thing is the same material/print is used on the backing of the quilt as what the sheets are.
Adventures in Squirrelsitting: After an encounter with Fat Cat results in the Rangers wrecking the home of some local squirrels, our heroes volunteer for babysitting duty to make up for the error.
Very inspiring movie about the ways of the Father.
the special features includes a music video featuring all the Disney Princesses, and sneak peeks of other Disney DVD classics like JoJo's Circus, and Bear and The Big Blue House.
This DVD was a gift for a little girl who loves watching the "classics".  
A very AWESOME game!
It came fast and my daughter is going to love it.
and i would not go out of my way to get it
So glad I bought it for her to enjoy.
perfect for my 1 year old.
We love that it is a family friendly comedy that we can enjoy with our children.
My son has a ton of Toy Story figurines.  
Great movie and got here in plenty of time.
There are more action scenes.
Yay!!!
The animation of Sulley's fur and the little girl's face is fabulous, as is one of the scenes where they jump through the interdimensional doors all over the world.  
Just my 2 cents.
My 3 year old received this set for Christmas.  
The Little Mermaid marks the return of Disney's 3rd golden era.
Inside the Disney Archives - (8:39) A visit to the vault to look at unused art and sequences from "Bambi".
The sound is good ..
Even though i miss the dust cover of this blu ray item, i still enjoy this as a part of my collection.
Totally not my genre at all.  
This was for my nephews to watch (and they were my excuse to purchase this!).
The writing is much choppier, and the storyline not as compelling.
However, if you have a child younger than age 5, they will likely need some help with the inside-out conversion.
Three girls--7, 5, and 3--have had a lot of fun with this.
The extras are very interesting.
i love this movie, love the characters, espicaly crush.
While the story and characters around him are intriguing, Walt Disney's re-conceived Pinocchio is actually a fairly boring hero.
She is adding it to her collection of movies.
Viewing this film one can not but recall Marshall McLuhan when he stated boldly that the TV is the babysitter of the twentieth century.
There are no wisecracks, there is honest respect for parents and there's just a certain sweetness that never comes across in the newer films.
What a cleaver show!  
Unfortunately, due to a disagreement with his father, Nemo swims away and is caught by some scuba divers.
but I saw it at the theater when it came out.  
I am happy with my purchase and would recommend to other.
I just got this for my daughter and am getting a second one for my other daughter.
"You can't."
Tarzan is one of my favorite Disney movies, and one I enjoy watching for the story and the songs.
This is a very sweet story line.  
I use to watch it all the time as a child, so much so that at 3 my mother accidentally-on-purpose smashed the VHS so she wouldn't have to watch it again, and had to repurchase it when I wouldn't stop crying.
I would still recommend picking up this dvd and the one before it
colors are so vivid and beautiful.
My 8 year old daughter was so excited to get this one for Christmas!
and I'm so glad I picked these over the others available... these will last a while, for sure.
Thought the relationships between the women were well done and realistic.
I loved the creativity.
Basically, it's the combination of 2 Separate Davy Crockett Adventures: "The Great Keel Boat Race" & "The River Pirates."  
Fast service and great DVD.
And the story itself is just plain funny without being corny.
but I would have given him 5 stars if he had just a little bit of strength in his legs LOL
I purchased this DVD for my grand daughter who is so young that she didn't care.  
The mermaids aren't much better.
I am such a big fan of Dick Van Dyke and I have all of his movies... that I've been able to find thus far.
She really creeped me out when I was young.  
They are also sturdy and well made (smooth so that she doesn't scratch herself taking them on and off).
They may like it more when they are older.
The music is fantastic and it's just entertaining.  
Got this for my 3 yr old and it is super nice...
One of my kids favorite and now, one of my grandkids favorite.  
Further, since  virtually all the animals could talk, including sea horses, how could Geppetto justify catching those fish to eat?
However, I think that even younger girls could watch the movie as well.
I also think director Randall Kleiser should receive credit for being able to work with the Shalikar twins (who alternately play Adam) and coax an engaging performance from them, and also not forgetting the tentative relationship growing between Nick and his girlfriend in spite of their predicament.  
I only wanted to exchange this item not return it.  
This never happened with the munchkin one because it has a non slippery bottom.
How can you not love Pixar's animated classic 'Cars'?
The sound is flawless.
I ordered this book for my first child.
This is actually smaller than his infant tub.
he is doing so well from seeing this movie that his schooling in kindergarten once he attends will help him have a great start while he is in pre-school!  
I also have to admit that while I enjoy the beginning when Alice arrives to Wonderland, I felt that my interest in the film was more towards scenes in which there was some sort of action.  
This is a great criterion and looks very nice.
Is just the right size for those small items of childrens laundry.
Loved it!!!
Began to be predictable, which caused my loss of interest.
Fun though it may be, with all the great films Walt Disney produced, this one comes off as the weakest link.
A host of questions are raised and there are no easy answers.
Works perfectly (for now, she is growing like a weed).
Too bad nowadays Disney only releases entertainment/shallow crap.
Phil Collins's melodies (which I never liked in Tarzan either) sound too standard and out of step with the movie's atmosphere.
It is very cheaply made and the outfit is very cheap.it looks like toysrus product and not Disney.  
I feel the picture quality is really good on my 23" 1920x1080p e-IPS monitor (Dell u2311h).
It is a bit longer than a baby tub and is definitely deeper.
I bought this DVD to play in my music classroom.  
1940 was a long, long time ago.
Let us compare her to the other classic Disney Princesses:
Note: You should know that this Diamond Edition as the Diamond for Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, comes in two presentations: one in a Blu-Ray case and the other in a DVD case.
Funny , Funny movie .
People rlt need to understand what these categories mean.
On Stranger Tides(2011).Calypso (Digitally Remastered).
I cannot sit thru this film.
This was a series about Davy Crockett played by Fess Parker and what a series it was.  
well acted, poignant and funny.
It is a well acted film with a excellent storyline and some emotional pulling.
I bought this because I rent this movie so often on here anyway.  
If you want something that will hold up and last, in the toy box, in the shower, in the hands of the kids then go for it.
Even more frustrating (indeed, almost enraging) are the Blu-ray technical issues that have plagued every Disney Blu-ray yet produced: there is no "resume play" feature - if you stop half-way through you can't re-start from where you stopped, you even have to watch the anti-piracy warnings again.  
Now it is one of VERY FEW such movies I own.  
To the fact that this movie still rocks after all these years tells you something about the love for Disney movies and people who really like Disney movies and cool for FansWhen you get or look for Blue Ray just look on the box to make sure it can be good for your Blue Ray player or the shop you buy it from will not take it back once it is opened
Unable to stop the fish-napping, Marlin embarks on a quest to rescue his son, evading sharks and exploding WWII mines and jellyfish and whales and hungry birds.
But he's 3 so he honestly didn't piece together who the characters were so I'm slightly kicking myself for waisting the money on the characters.  
She also loves to feed her.
When I was 4 I had a Rainbow Bright comforter that was made of like 100% plastic and kept losing all of its stitching.
Over all very happy with it just glue hat on
Does it ruin the film?...No, but purist will want to hold unto their Gold Edition DVD so they can watch the film they way
most came off with some 409 and a rag though.
There are many good things about the film.  
Not inanimate objects, mind you, but ones that retain their basic personalities while becoming wood and metal and porcelain.
I got it for my 14th birthday and it makes me feel young again.
Both movies benefit from the high-definition treatment they were given.
I have not watched it yet
Not as good as one and two.  
another clasic must have seen it as a KID and loved it so another one to add to my collection
It's a cute movie with good songs to sing with.
My darling daughter loved this Marida dress.
whereas the true Davy was more politician than soldier, and he'd retired from that.
I highly recommend this for your child of any age!
It is, at times, politically uncorrect.
The music is great and now on my ipod and computer.  
Another good buy through Amazon.  
Much of the content comes from the other featurettes.
How could you not just love this movie.
Got this for my daughter.
Brand-New Blu-ray Features:*
TV Spot #46.
I freely admit that this is just a personal thing, but I found no part of this movie particularly funny, interesting, or entertaining.
Basically, becoming a genuine boy also means experiencing genuine human cruelty and mortal and spiritual danger.
This movie shipped as promised, was in even better than promised.  
Audiences are also introduced to a deleted character named Harold the Merman.
Remember it as a kid, still enjoy it today!
I'm a Wonderland junkie so it would be difficult to disappoint me with any retelling of Lewis Carroll's classic books.
The script is peppered with subtle comedy, but ultimately, the film ends on a note of great sadness.  
My boys love watching this film with me on the weekends and  we laugh at the funny parts and cry at the sad parts
He always looks at his wrist and pretends there is a watch there and says, "Sa-pan" which, in his language means, "Sounds like a plan!"
This overly stagey comedy is low on laughs (I chuckled twice) and slight on entertainment value.  
It's fun to try and identify the character actors (including Basil Ruysdale and Kenneth Tobey) as Fess and Buddy demonstrate the Crockett credo: "Be Sure You're Right
Apparently during the Disney Renaissance period they subscribed to a time tested practice of success: If it is not "Baroque" do not fix it.
Good family movie but not as good as original.
Suddenly this independent, smart, modern young American woman is willing to accept an arranged marriage in the 21st century?
It is a very simple fable rather than a sweeping saga.
Fox remains behind as the others escape to exact revenge on the Gargoyles though Coyote and Wolf vie for the leadership of the Pack, they are shocked to learn who lies behind the mask.  
The characters are all well done, especially Larry the Cable Guy's  tow truck Mater, great comedy there.  
But the movie itself is great!
My only complaint is that the episodes are not in order, but it doesn't matter too much because the episodes are mostly standalone adventures that aren't connected to the previous episode.
I'm sure more than 50% of the cost of this doll goes to Disney licensing but while it's a poor value, it's well made.
As stated above, it's even found life as a stage play performed around the world by children's and adult theaters.
Been buying up old cartoons for my daughter that I enjoyed watching.
but I think that she'll outgrow the bed before they fall apart.
No plot spoilers from me: the story follows Athur Dent, a mostly clueless human that gets thrust into interstellar adventure, and galactic politics when is alien best friend, a highly improbable human love interest, and even the president of the universe, Zaphod Beeblebrox.
I'm sold on it now.
The story follows the journey of a father and a son, both clownfish and live in the great blue sea.
The bonuses on this film are nice to see behind the scenes and able to watch more than one version of the film.
As with the first Eloise, I just love it!  
Great Cast!!
Depth of picture was awesome, watched it twice with family.
She is a nice sized doll and well made with moveable joints.
Flat out superb.
While the setting of the film seems from a long time ago, this is a firmly modern main character, especially for a woman.
Sydney is called a "b*tch" in one episode.
We all know that "Beauty & the Beast" is a "5 star" movie.
It's a shame that the studio seems to disregard these selections from this time period because I think restored versions for the 6 films during this period could be put into one Blu Ray box set  and maybe entice Disney fans to purchase these forgotten little gems.
She does them very often.
I did not feel the need to watch this movie.
This combined some of his favorite cars characters and monster trucks he plays with this daily!
I'm very happy I bought it.
When they did catch it I just told them this movie was made a long time ago when things were different for kids.
But she gets really annoying as she becomes more of a motor mouth.
Carl Lumbly, as Marcus Dixon, also gets the opportunity to delve deeper into the emotional core of his character showing that he is more than just a device to drive forward the plot.
It's cool - it's fun - it's a great flick - lots of fun and entertaining.
At least I have my own copy
She's starting her own Disney library for the future.
The Great Keel Boat Race eventually segues into the investigation of why River Pirates are blowing up ships and stealing cargo!  
I had heard good reviews for this movie, but i personally found it lacking compared to other studio ghibili movies.
He was brilliant as Dan Rather.  
Alice Shrinks - Kathryn Beaumont introduces a newly discovered pencil test of Alice shrinking.
This doll is SUPER cute and SUPER soft!!
Now I don't have to worry about my baby bonking his head.
One of my favorite behind the scenes segments on the DVD was "Composing a Classic" which involves a meeting with the film's composer Alan Menken taking a memorable look back at the process of creating a fitting musical score for the film while working alongside executive producer, the late Howard Ashman, whom was intensely involved in monitoring songs among other aspects of the project.  
Will and Elizabeth also get married during the battle and what a great scenic wedding it was!
I got it because I was a Tammy Lynn Michaels fan.
My daughter loves this toy.  
She has a cute bow and arrow and her cloak makes her style very unique.  
My children love this movie.  
She has Aurora too so we knew what to expect so we were happy with the purchase.
Anyway, this is a terrific story well told and back in the day I was very much hoping it would be awarded Best Picture.
Prince Eric and Ursula are about to tie the knot when the cavalry comes to the rescue.
There are moments of genuine humor and great laughs--come on, tractor tipping is classic.
The finale fight scene between the two buddies is one of the funniest fight scenes ever.  
Within a week of having the toy, the chopper arm stopped working, and every time you push the button to pop the wings out the whole back panel (wings/battery access) pulls away just slightly from Buzz's body so that none of the lights or sounds work until you smoosh it back on.  
Fortunately, all is not lost.
This movie pulls at your heart strings!
This is a classic movie that every disney owner needs to have in their collection.
I just never get tired of this movie!  
I ordered this from another website for my kids.
Being little and wearing big glasses he is of course the dreamed target of class bullies, but - as it is usual with the nerds - he has a bunch of friends between other oucasts: a really ugly duck girl (Ugly Duckling), a really obese, asthma ridden pig (Runt of the Litter) and a foreign exchange student, totally fearless, always happy, but just a little... odd (Fish out of Water).
The kids still shove them down the slide in the playhouse, dig them out since they get stuck, and play with them
you don't go to school you'll grow up to be a mule like all the monkey's in the zoo.
And i watched it the very next day after i got it.
Up close the figures are poorly painted and not even close to characters in the movie.  
The EPK (Electronic Press Kit) was shot for something like five months, when most films shoot them in a matter of days.
Maybe I am uptight, but I don't want the only part in good condition to be the DVD itself.
So when I saw it on Amazon and knew it would be hard to find in stores now days I decided to just go ahead and get it.
Not guts, blood, gore, sex, filth for me!  
Unfortunately, the results of the calendar's success are not entirely happy.  
Jada Pinkett Smith really shows off her acting talents in this movie, shes sassy n brass and in no way shape or form a pushover except when it comes to Keenans character who she has a serious crush on and he seems oblivious to it (typical male)
I love this DVD and for the price, you can't beat it.
Plus, my son loves seeing Lightning McQueen in his bath!
If not I would suggest not getting this or any of the other 4 pack Disney puzzles as they are all cardboard press.
I am a huge fan of Michael Mann movies.  
The blu-ray is an amazing version!  
CBS' "60 Minutes" is a respectable news show, heavy hitting questions from Mike Wallace, able to get the interviews before their news counterparts for other networks.  
But that's the point.  
On the other hand, you could just watch it the way that I nearly always watch it; laugh in delight as Alice uses her apparently-magic skirt to parachute down into Wonderland, grows and shrinks incessantly, and meets all manner of ridiculous things and people in the process.  
I can't help but cry when Bambi's mom is shot.  
I think it has the highest quality dress out of all of them as many of the others, threads were coming undone, hems weren't even, and were falling off.  
We purchased these as a birthday gift for our 2 year old.
Good clean family fare.
The East India Company merchant vessels masquerading as RN battleships carried out perfectly the difficult manouver of tacking in sequence towards the enemy, and when they opened fire, mounted enough guns, had crews who knew how to use them, and landed enough hits on the French warships, that their admiral jumped to the false conclusion that he had after all accidentally attacked a larger Royal Navy force, and ordered a withdrawal.
Wonderful DVD to add to her little collection we are starting for her.
She had been in bed for several days and was still not feeling well at all.
I bought this really because its the best Disney cartoon ever but also to check out the long documentary that everybody is raving about "Growing up with 9 guys" I think is the title.
I never read the books but my goodness is the writing odd to say the least.  
I loved it.
Russell Crowe is brilliant in his portrayal of this man.  
Cars may be seen like the worst Pixar production but even worst Pixar means amazing and much much better than all the competition has to offer.
I bought 13th warrior DVD in used condition for 4 or 5 bucks including shipping.  
We loved these while they were in the tub, but they can get moldy if you don't pull them up and let them air out once in a while.
The curse will break only if he falls in love.
A wonderful puzzle for a 3 year old.
The story is well thought out and engages you rapidly, then holds your attention.
It's a cute looking bathtub, but the reason i bought it was to have something to give my baby daughter a bath in, that could also be cleaned and stored eaily.
This is a great addition to my Disney collection.
The evil son of the king...
I loved this movie from the moment it hit the big screen.
What more could you ask for?
this is a must have movie if you have a son or nephew its fun and funny.. I recommend
the drier actually blows a little air and makes the blowing sound and she loves it!
The movie, of course, is "Peter Pan," and it magnificently captures that magic of our growing up and our fantasies.
I bought this for my 2-year-old brother, and he absolutely loves it!!
He would have been better off just directing and having someone like Jamie Foxx star in this movie.
Maybe not $40 worth of toy!
The Bunny I bought for my niece was made rather cheaply.
These are the best two we have tried for our toddler boy thus far.
My daughter loves this.
it showed me something new, hope.
CLOUDY WITH A CHANCE OF MEATBALLS---the son of a shopkeeper is an inventor whose inventions cause havoc.
We love this movie and this copy in blu-ray meets all are expectations.
They even throw in the family dog - Pochi.
And while Smokey the Bear may approve of the forest fire story, to me it was a little too pat how quickly the undergrowth grew back.
I received this product in the time frame it was suppose to come.
and we got so many compliments while out in the neighborhood.
This is a great doll for toddlers up.
The kids love it and so do I. I enjoy the movie it has good voices and good characters.
If possible, the second season is even better, bringing in more of everything we loved the first time around and throwing wrenches in the emotional works as we deal with various unanticipated surprises.
So I decided to look online
In season 3 & 4 it show kim and ron kiss for the first at the end of the movie.
Curse you, new Wikipedia!)
i had this on vhs, and my kids wore the poor thing out so bad it would not play anymore....
This is a really cute movie.
If they were going to release a 3D version of this film on blu-ray, I wish they would've just waited one more year and only released this one.  
I remember running home from school as a kid waiting for this to come on.
I do not expect this puzzle to last very long.
It is nice to have a small plush tink doll, but really it looks nothing like her in the face.  
Alice in Wonderland has captured the hearts of generations because Alice's dream seems so real yet so different from she is used to.  
This one is great.  
This version didn't dissapoint her at all.
Pinnochio meets Jiminey Cricket, as well as tempations.
Big enough and my boys fight over memo and want to sleep with him
"Bambi" is about real life and its choices, and, for 1942 standards, it was ahead of its time.
It offers informative and chatty on-camera interviews with Disney and Carroll historians, generous with little-seen artwork.
One cannot fail to be moved by Paul Scofield's heart-breaking reaction as his son, Charles Van Doren (Ralph Fiennes) confesses to him that he was also given the answers to the contestant's questions on the Twenty-One program.
Sleeping Beauty - Jodi Benson8.
On the Disney site there is a clear picture of this Woody, and then I knew what to order--right here on Amazon.
I can't tell you how excited I was when I received this doll.  
there is so much here and the actors all 'put out' for this one.
I really liked this movie, and, what is even more important, my daughter liked it too.
With the vocal talents of Dickie Jones, Cliff Edwards, and Christian Rub, "Pinocchio" is mostly phenomenal, though with some major differences from the original tale by Carlo Collodi.  
For a film that was created in 1991, you can't tell this animated film is nearly 20-years-old.  
The extra detailed features on the bonus DVD is quite entertaining.  
With the Criterion re-release, I expect this version of the film is now out of print.  
Three-Disc Diamond Edition: Blu-ray/DVD + Digital Copy.
I'll be looking foward to purchase future items.
he is made out to be a tireless champion of the innocent and downtrodden, and the implication is that the whole point of his trip to Texas was to take part in the defense of the Alamo.
Thanks for a great movie that was just like new and came very fast.
When things go array in both her beloved worlds, Ariel must enlist the help of her fish friend Flounder and crab Sebastian to set things right.
Now I have my own copy--it's easier to find when I go looking.
By way of a story on record sung by Dinah Shore, and a tale told by Edgar Bergen and pals to entertain a young birthday guest, "Fun and Fancy Free" relays to us the stories of "Bongo", a circus bear who escapes to the woods and discovers true love, and "Mickey and the Beanstalk", the famous fairytale retold to star Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, Goofy, and the hilarious Willy the Giant.
Audio wise there is virtually no difference between the blu-ray and dvd verison.
This is story about an Arab being shunned by his kind and sent tothe viking lands for having a roving eye on the queen.
She is so fun in her nastiness!  
My daughter will be Doc McStuffins for Halloween.
It arrived Turesday and we tried watching the 3D disk tonight.
The headband is ridiculously small and broke rather quickly.
The skinny parts, like Jessie's arms and woody's legs break off, and also Bullseye broke off his base fairly quick too.
Criterion did a fresh 2k scan under the supervision of director Wes Anderson, along with a thorough clean-up of dirt and print damage.
That's a shame, because the lossless DTS-HD MA track is very well done and nicely balanced.  
Is Disney....wonderful, amazing and very nice toy for kids...is great to look my son playing with this toy...buy it!
It's a very unique and legendary series featuring Johnny Depp, Geoffrey Rush, Keira Knightly, and Orlando Bloom.
Yet, Bambi is even more than that because the effect is more than visual.
The Cheetah Girls is a great family film and I received it within a week and half when I ordered it.
If a grandchild ever had a meltdown, putting this video on would calm him in a short time.  
My son really likes it and does play with it.  
Blu-ray Special Features and Extras:Knick Knack Animation Theatrical Short: Six years before Toy Story, this short hinted at what was to come.
The love interest between Sidney and Vaughn seems real and you feel for them.  
His point is made a fact when a bear steals some salmon.
You will fall in love with this film.
Our 4 year old has even tried to sneak it a way a few times to try and play with it.  
but it is weird, since this set is cotton (???).I was disappointed when I received the package because I thought I was buying a sheet set, pillowcase and comforter.
She always wants to dress up and wants to be "so beautiful" as she calls it :)
They're a bit harder to lock back into place but they do stay locked in and don't randomly extend.
tryebay or other sites maybe you find it
Toru Tanaka Jr., who played the "Tattoo Pirate", is the son of Harold Sakata, who played "Oddjob" inGoldfinger [Blu-ray] (1964).Shown in squeezy widescreen.
He keeps a little cash in there and some arcade tokens, as well as some of my business cards.
I love this movie and cannot wait to see this again.
There is so much niceness among Pooh and his pals -- and this is a good thing in this age of "edgy" cynicism, even in children's entertainment -- we can still look to Eeyore for lovable, relatable gloom and to Rabbit for lovable, relatable angst and neuroses.
Had to have it.
Disc 2 features the 4 part serial episode "Catch as Cash Can" where Scrooge and Glumgold compete in an international contest on who is the richest duck in the world even if Scrooge can face dangers such as a killer whale sub, meeting his nephew Donald, fighting sea people and using a floating island (ala "Castle in The Sky") to get to the contest in time.
It's held up for a couple months now, and the joints work well as my daughter poses it often.
I would recommend to watch as a family.
I did get it on sale, at forty dollars.  
Both movies are designed for all ages.  
Amazon Prime The Only Way To Go.M.A.FLICK
The movie itself is crisp and clear, probably better than when it first came out!
The colors pop in ways that they haven't since the 50's.
One of the best adventure and comedy movies ever, ever, ever.
I bought this set for my little granddaughter.  
Now in 3D!  
Used this movie for my Cross Cultural Counseling class in my Master's level Counselor Education program.
I really don't have any other comment that could convey how utterly embarassing this movie must be for the actors involved.
Essentially, The 13th Warrior passed itself as Braveheart clone in an almost made-for-TV try.
Product arrived as described.  
I hope more Disney titles include this fine feature.
The incompetence that so characterizes some aspects of government planning is a target.  
You need a lot of your time to see everything here but is pelnty of fun and very informative.
My Disney fan daughter is thrilled and her boyfriend is resigned to her Disney dcor.
but they liked the original best.
They were quite a challenge for their master and cute and naughty little chimps.  
There are many many extras detailing the making of the film (and of the spin-off Broadway musical).  
After the end credits, an important scene is shown.
Very well done.
I was very pleasantly surprised by how well this doll was made and my daughter loves playing with it.
Bandaras has a fondness for the camera...and vice versa.
My girls and I watch this several times a year and never tire of it.
For me, the box is insanely cheap.
Have not yet had the chance to watch even just one of the disc completely.  
He's not really the focus of the story, except from the "stranger in a strange land" angle, but he delivers a fine, understated performance.
This is a great movie out of the house of Miyazaki.
WOw, what can i say about my favorite western movie.
I bought it for a decent price but had I paid full price for it, I would have been pretty unhappy with it.
A decent movie but not on the level of Toy Story, Wall-ee, or UP
The DVD.Was very happy with it.
Subsequent events do not go smoothly, of course, as Belle is repelled, not so much by the Beast's appearance as by his domineering, crass, uncouth manner.  
What a funny movie with a twist of Drama and Special Friendship.
I gave it 4 stars rather than 5 due to the pillow.  
Duckworth coaches the Junior Woodchucks in a baseball game.  
In this movie, everybody in the village think that Belle is "strange" all because she always like to read and daydream but they still think she's beautiful.
The other discs are just as essential with the Disneyland tenth anniversary, which features Walt giving his tour with selected tour guide thru the beginnings of Pirates of the Caribbean post production miniature walk thru model, and his first look at the Haunted Mansion.
Chicken Little in the company of his best friends Abby Mallard (Ugly Duckling (Joan Cusack))) and Runt of the Litter (Steve Zahn), discover that sections of falling sky are in fact panels from a UFO being piloted by alien beings with a plan of total global domination.
In my opinion, all Lego systems are overpriced, but the kids love them, and they require patience and a little work to put together - both positives in my book.  
They really are not all that attached to it, but it has had puke washed off of it many times already, and still looks great.
This set includes two Davy Crockett movies.
One of my favourite Disney movies along with Aladdin, Beauty and the Beast and The Lion King.
With the help of Tinker bell, a fairy, he sprinkles the kids with pixie dust, so that they can fly - in their pajamas --and accompany him and Tinker bell to the magical island of Neverland.
Arthur's world is turned upside down when a race of alien beings plan to come to Earth in order to deconstruct it, and convert it to a galaxy shortcut.  
so  here it is:this doll:thin cheap hairpoor fabric, cheapno shawlno erringsugly eyes and ugly shadowsno RAJA figurine!!!Body thin and the joints not staying in place but they will makehand or leg just go drop.
Japan's more advanced then we are or maybe they paid Disney a good chunk of Monies for it?
So if your kid enjoys Perry, this would most definitely be a good addition.
The only problem we've encountered is that it rides up pretty high on my son's back, above his shoulders, so he keeps pulling it down lower, but it won't stay.
The Brave Little Toaster
Look, even if these movies are for kids, can't the bastards in Hollywood TRY to be a little creative?
They make a great team, and Jerry Bruckheimer does a flawless job directing.
This blu-ray was great, digitally remastered, the images just pop off the screen and the music comes through in even greater quality and clarity.
You can watch an episode from the first season and then one from the last and the characters and writing just seem completely and utterly different.
Very enjoyable movie.
Her lunchbox, backpack, clothing, jewelry, toys; all Ariel.
She admires the bathtub itself.
If you don't tear up a little when a misplaced fighter tranquilizer shot makes Adam cry and drop the enormous "Hard Rock Cafe" guitar sculpture he's strumming, well then, you're truly emotionless.
There's also a nice array of characters to like, and the evil girl at the dentist's office made a nice touch.
Glad it never made the film.
It came very quickly and well packaged.
He loves that it talks and says enough things that it doesn't get repetitive to the adults in the room.
These are much better than cartoons on TV.
She thinks it is a Cinderella castume, the only Disney princess she knows at this point.  
shop around and reserve one now.
I was worried about the case not shutting and pieces breaking.  
He doesn't sound anything like the toy I have.
No compression artifacts are found in the print.
I'm glad Disney has released these on DVD.  
We see women in their bras as they change clothes (Sydney takes off her jacket in an airport to show off a leather bra as she walks through the security scanner).
Continuation of the excellent Pirates saga.
I bought this for my daughter on her birthday (she loves Doc McStuffins).
and you know the rest of the story.
If you have a Disney Store near you, it is a much better deal there.  
He and his translator meet with the Vikings.
The delight continued through the film, which had the best original songs since "Dumbo" and ushered in a new style for Disney in which the songs weren't just animated, they moved the story forward Broadway-like in the manner of Rodgers and Hammerstein (hence the subsequent staged adaptations of this and other animated features.  
(This appears to have been Disney's view of hunting.)
Blu-ray-Only Bonus FeaturesGrowing Up with Nine Old MenDeleted Scenes: The Journey Home; Alternate ArrivalDeleted Songs: Never Smile at a Crocodile; The Boatswain SongClassic Bonus Features (from previous release):*
I watched this twice, having not seen it when it was first released.
My three and four year old nieces are huge fans of the Disney Princesses so they grabbed this Dazzling Princess game when I showed it to them.
It starts after Princess Mia graduated from college and is getting ready to take over for her grandmother as Queen of Genovia, that in itself is a false thing because in the book Genovia was a pricipality like Monaco so they never took up the title of King or Queen just Prince or Princess.
But my son watches the movie so often, and insists on handling the discs himself, that invariably they get scratched--he usually watches the DVD on his portable DVD player, which he can operate by himself.  
Hunted and hunted.
Their personalities reflect their shape from the slightly crazed, bubbles infatuated tank dwellers to the hippie inspired sea turtles with their 'chill-out' grace of movement.  
but i lost.
Although it happened long before i was born, this movie actually inspired me to look up the true events that went into it.
If you have never seen it originally then this may be finefor you but for me this version sucks.
All the characters are back that look exactly like a close follow up to first picture with not much time lapse.
I enjoyed the movie, but felt that it was a bit dry at times.
First, this is one of my favorite movies, it is a 5/5 as far as entertainment value/story.  
I enjoyed it as a young person and now I can enjoy to again at home.
A really good spotlight for Monty.  A+17.
It seemed really durable in the packaging, but when we got it out, I realized the box it is stored in has no picture on it and is a really cheap piece of particle board.
Would wait awhile before showing to younger children.
They are perfect.
I thought it was super cool the way Tarzan moved around the jungle like he was skate boarding.  
More fun from the diabolical Eloise ("Once, I threw up on Coco Chanel.").  
Not that we don't keep a constant eye on him anyway in the tub
Very well made.
love the movie when kids were growing.
Like everyone else I bought this to rewatch Ducktales and share it with a new generation.
Especially several years after World War II, people wanted to be entertained and not necessarily needing something deep or emotional.  
Other than that, the trucks were not damaged, comparable size to Hotwheels monsterjam trucks, my kid loves these, I think we watched the wrestlin' segment of Car Toons about 8 million times...
However, my son doesn't notice the imperfections so I am happy for him and giving it an okay rating.
But it's how the artistic backgrounds and foregrounds compliments the animation is quite amazing!"Peter
Ahmed (Antonio Banderas) has been appointed as an Arab ambassador to the Vikings in the year AD 922.
I enjoyed it when I saw it on TV and now I can watch it any time I want.  
Should you watch this?
The process will work sometimes, but not consistently.
My 4 year old friend is thoroughly enjoying this puzzle as am I to spend the time assembling it with her.
That is enough to recommend that those who have earlier version upgrade their copies.
Lilo & Stitch4.
My favorite scene in the whole movie is the tractor tipping, which I can see Larry doing.  
Gore Verbinski is the opposite of that, he needs to learn how to edit things down.)
Until the very end I love it.
it was graet.
only used with a few toddlers clothes and there is already 2 tears in the top seams.
It's fully animated and (since it was recorded before it was cut) contains the original voice actors' singing.  
Peter Pan flies over to Captain Hook ship and the two of them have their final fight.
Great re-telling of a classic story.
Snow White and Pinocchio are the pinnacle of animation art, Alice falls short there (as do all the others), but so what?
There's really nothing wrong with this; it fits the mold as a smart kid's movie with enough subtle nudges and winks to keep the adults happy, a formula that Pixar has mined extremely well over the past decade and a half.
What a disappointment.
This is a beautiful looking movie.
If you've never seen it, must have for kids.
All of the gowns are a different color, which made it easier for her to put together.
In any case, these line problems can be distracting at times & I found myself noticing them & focusing on them, rather than the movie itself.
So it does go across generations.
Not sure we needed that
These Planes figures are good.
I have been wanting Nemo on Bluray since forever.
She's seen most of the movies, so that was a big help, but regardless her memory is amazing--we parents don't always give our children enough credit!With each successful guess, the player is given one to three jewels to place in a ring, bracelet, or crown.
So combining my love for Pixar as well as the dozens and dozens of medicore Cars reviews I have heard, I decided to pretend this cheesy looking cash grab didn't exist.
My daughter is a little over 2 and a half and LOVES Mickey Mouse and anything Disney.
Fits perfectly into my bath tub.
A DISNEY GREAT, NOT MUCH MORE TO SAY HERE.
It was kind of like looking in to a fish tank if you like 3d and you like Finding Nemo it should be in your collection.
I loved him in the wonderful Hayley Mills movie called The Truth About Spring.
This is a wonderful family movie.  
And the loop to hang from a hook if you had one is pretty cool also.  
This movie is fantastic and even better is the way that Disney has restored this classic in high def.
However,  not liking Pinocchio is akin to not liking youself.  
Intelligent and understated examination of Big Tobacco's deceptive and ruthless attack on the credibility of one of its own.  
So if you know nothing about the book series you might enjoy the movies, but if you love the book series like I do, stay away from this movie and the previous movie.
Beautiful scenes, sets, and costumes.  
The movie is sixty five minutes long plus extras would recomend this for kids
Awesome movie that definitely benefits from the greater quality of Blu-Ray.  Buy this movie.
This film also features a dandy villain named Clayton (voiced by Brian Blessed).  
There are some great lines and shameless but expertly timed sight gags.  
She also doesn't scream when they see that big monster.
THE DRESS IS LOVELY!
Alias initially appeared on TV at a time when ABC was noticing a decline in viewership.
I love the story and like knowing it's based on real events.  
One of the tops ripped as soon as I put it on my daughter.
and then a passionate kiss.
And then, every month or two I'd go to the big "baby book" and transpose the notes and dates into something more formal.
She is very happy with it.
A mishap en route to California's Piston Cup to settle a 3 way tiebreaker lands him in a lazy southwest desert town occupied by old forgotten automobiles where McQueen learns that the universe doesn't revolve around him and that sometimes we all need to slow down and smell the roses.
Deserving special attention are the recording of "Never Smile At A Crocodile", the actor imagined cut scenes and the documentary about the original animators who Walt Disney chose to work with him in creating his magic.
What can you say  JULIE ANDREWS  LOVELOVE LOVE her and everything she does.
My day care through age 11 were not interested.
and I got the doll with the prince clothes
Finding Nemo [Limited Steelbook Edition]
This is a very cute replica of Pascal & is bigger then I thought it would be, perfect size to sit on my 3yr old's shoulder.
This is a great movie for all age's.
The arms, legs and feet are fully poseable.  
This movie reflects that.
It is smaller that the others, but the quality is good.
I love this movie.  
My 3 year old loves this movie (she has since she was 1 1/2).
Quite the opposite; compared to say, Russell Crowe's new Robinhood, which was dreadful in regards to character development.  
She is fearless of the various monsters, except for Randal (Steve Buscemi), a chameleon-like monster who has other plans for extracting screams from kids that's even less ethical than simply scaring them.
I recommend for all ages, especially for those who like Christmas movies.
She is going to daycare/preschool.  
Piratsy Under the Seas: Frustrated with having to pick up after himself and follow rules, Dale is thrilled when the gang comes across the sea dwelling Pi-rats who live as they please and are eagerly seeking new members!  
Very realistic to the character in the film.
And that flying sequence -- I don't care how 3-D movies get, there is nothing like that last flight off Big Ben out over London and into the otherwordly dimension where Never Land exists.
It's almost like he enjoyed the filming.
My son watched this when he was 3 and he is now 9 and still loves it!
The visuals are amazing, and the story of poor little Nemo is fascinating and heart-rending.
It says a few phrases (mostly about hugging) and the volume is not too loud which is nice for a parent's ears.
There's also music combined with waves, but that just ends up sounding staticky.
will be writing a seperate review on him....
Finally, a bittersweet experience is in store for Annie and Chris when they're invited to go to America to publicize the calendar overseas.
It also won a Grammy Award for Best Soundtrack Album.
No show on TV today can compare to Home Improvement....Sit back and laugh and enjoy the best you will ever see!
I didn't expect much and I was left very pleased.
He actually watches this one and gives me the chance to do things around the house.
A near perfect spotlight episode for Gadget.  
Constantly, Crowe would look sad.
It's white with fish and other sea creatures on it, its perfect.
Great for your collection.
But as a second tub after her infant tub its perfect for now.
I saw the movie and a big fan of James Franco.
I love this movie.
It's a wonderful story based on the innocent explorations of a son (fish) and the devoted father who is determined to bring him home.  
It is a great toy and my little one loves it.
The paper was totally intact and the disc was fastened in the case.  
I was thrilled with the condition of the dvds.
He loved the biscuit and did not share any bitesI had intended to make him a sandwich but no timesent the biscuit home with himButtery Yogurt Biscuits the best I have ever made or eatenNot dry and crumbly just a wonderful flavor.
eems to be more expensive than the product.
He loves the movie, so he knows all of the characters.  
also, makes a great addition to the disney princess collection my girls have!
This was my favorite Pirates movie.  
Our Kids liked this movie...they own both in VHS & DVD.
Like I mentioned earlier in my review, this could be redeemed by releasing a volume two with the remaining 3 Baca and 5 Fox episodes on it.
With this feature you can sync your Apple iPad with your Blu-ray player.
Always have and am so very glad to have them on DVD!
it is a good movie with underwater grafics.good buy
As stated earlier, it was in great shape and the movie is very good.
Kids play with it every single day.
Not very good as holding up to lots of play.
My son loves it because he can sleep with it (rather than his 'real' Buzz.  
All ages enjoy this fun story of "monsters".(I even named my puppy Cinnamon Sullivan...
We ended up leaving it at the resort because we literally could not fit a needle in our bag on the way home but for the price we payed it totally was worth it even for 1 weeks use.
Happy Valley is experoencing a terrible drought.
And to know that it would be delivered on time,  well packaged made it less stressful.
I have 3 kids and I am considering getting a second one so I can make two at a time.
Bright colors and cute pictures make my daughter love it.
Her outfit is well made and she actually looks like the movie character.
I was so happy to find this movie for such a good price.
No scratches or fake/replica codes.
Several of the figurines also appeared to have scuff marks on them and one had paint that looked like it chipped off from his nose.
Ariel seems cool.  
I'm happy to say the two year old loves it.  
A true classic and so funny.
The VHS format completed my existing set.
Plus, there are further codes you can find online to make it even better.
She loves it!
We got it for my daughter to wear to Disneyland, but will definitely be reinforcing the clasp for the day.
The first time I watched this movie, I was deployed in Iraq and this movie was still in theater's mid way through my deployment.
There just isn't the depth to literally everything on the screen like in Tangled.  
It is typical Disney comedy fare from the 60's but very funny in spots.  
I came on here to see how the average person's review compared to the critic's review I quoted above.
I saw it on Black Friday and the price was too good to turn down.
ya i digress.
He really likes it and so far has held up well.
She stumbles across such creatures as oysters, a walrus, the Mad Hatter, the Cheshire Cat and an army of somewhat threatening playing cards.
I would've loved it as a kid, and plan to share it with mine some day, but as an adult I'd rather throw in Toy Story or The Incredibles.
The plot here is quite similar to that of the former film, an overbearing parent riding roughshod over their daughter's life.  
I hope Disney is listening and does a decent job restoring this(, Saludos Amigos(unedited), The Three Caballeros (unedited), Make Mine Music(unedited), Melody Time and The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad.
You Can Fly: The Making of Peter Pan - (15:59) The behind-the-scenes story of how the story of Peter Pan would become an animated film.
Never Land: The Lost Song* Never Land Performed by Paige O'Hara*
Thankfully for me there were no dresses to wear.
Easy to open for my toddler to reach in and grab her stuff from.
When he does, Wendy offers to sew it on for him.
Watch it all the time.
In the nick of time little Medfield College, incompetent Dean Higgins and Dexter Riley prevail against the seemingly insurmountable odds.
Wherever you are Im out here in the dark All alone and wide awake Come and find me Im empty and Im cold...."  
It's a great addition for any Tinkerbell fan!
By far this is one of the most laughing scary movies from Pixar.
My grand kids love it and I do too!!  
He allows the potential buyer to start the engine.
Her father stumbles across a deserted castle inhabited by a gruesome beast, who is really a prince under a spell, and when Belle goes to rescue him she ends up being held prisoner herself.
The hair is really pretty -- for about two days.
In the popular legend of the Flying Dutchman, that description refers not to a ship but to its dutch captain, sometimes named Vanderdecken.
When it comes to music, I felt I enjoyed songs that were sung by Alice vs. songs sung by the walrus and Cheshire Cat.
Nice to add to my Disney collection.
this movie is one of the best,My Grandkids still watch it , the turtle is the cutest little guy.
Beast is a hothead and a bully, but he is also really shy and sad.
Great,  fun movie.  
We couldn't believe how big Buzz was for the price we paid.  
My daughter is 2 years, 3 months, and understands not to put her toys in her mouth.  
if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do
Some include the digital copy, some don't.
We all really liked those bumpers.
Fantasia tells no single, concrete story.  
Jason Schwartzman is simply excellent in this film and his delivery of numerous lines borders on perfection.  
I bought this for my Nana Baby for her 2 birthday.
Everyone knows these were originally made for the TV show in the 50's, but then shown theatrically - which was a plus, since most TV's were black and white and these movies are in color.
Bought this for my 4 year old grandson's birthday, and had it sent to him in Texas, so I didn't see it personally.  
This is a great movie for the kids in your family and in my case I like it too.
Bought these for my 3 1/2 year old son.
I bought this for $20 at that other Toy store!
These were great for my son's halloween costume.  
I will write the next ninja turtle movie, make sure they say cowabunga all the time and talk about pizza constantly.#2.  
The reason for 4/5 stars is because it's not all too exciting.
another 1 off the list.  
I highly recommend it for children and adults!
This is a soft stuffed animal PERFECT for play on the bed and imaginary fun time...  
It's lightyears away from what Disney airs now.
Hands down the best family movie ever.
It was much funnier than I thought it would be, but the animation looks a little dated compared to what you see today.
it is doing well holding up to his roughness!
We had to watch it over and over again.
And on some level, in the back of my mind as I am watching it, I think it's supposed to be cheesy or cheeky perhaps?  
I got this Merida at the Salt Lake City Disney store.
My daughter is four.
This was a nice little figure set so that he can line them all up. or bring them into the bath tub!
It's just the right size and works great for her baths.
In any event, only if the Beast exchanges and receives true love will the spell be dissolved, AND before a rose (the traditional symbol of love) loses all its petals.
When I first pre-order this set, I watched in dismay that this Diamond will only have 1 BD instead of two like the other Diamond titles.
Not as great as the first movie but still heart warming and enjoyable for the whole family to sit around and watch together.
I got this as part of my children's DVD collection & it is still as enchanting as it was the first time I saw it.  
You'll viscerally remember sticking to your grandmother's plastic covered best furniture.  
Each set always comes with each of them.  
No attempt at any sort of car-related humor was attempted as far as I could see, and I think it was more of an excuse for Pixar to not have to animate people, because their people always look a little... well... scary.
I couldnt' get it to stick to the tub wall.  
But I got a 3DTV and kind of wanted to have more 3D movies to watch and use when I have people come over.
My daughters LOVE these puzzles.
The problem is that some people online are charging an enormous and ridiculous amount of money for a toy that's honestly not worth more than 20 bucks.
Home Improvement was one of my favorite shows growing up.
this is one of them.
It's just too socially awkward a film for me.
Like let me take a unusable sword, for the character, cut it down and curve it to my purpose.
I bought this as a gift along with Cars 2.  
We're not losing any of the film at all & are seeing it at it's regular size.
I definitely recommend this film-
We got this for her b-day...so she'll have it soon.  
It is shallow enough to be safe yet deep enough to hold baby in (while securing them of course).
You can't even open it with out ripping it, and then it doesn't close & yes, there is the possibility of losing pieces then.
Those two songs look like the cartoons are from Fantasia, so we aren't missing the Disney characters in them.
Elfego Baca and The Swamp Fox Legendary Heroes are two lesser known series from Walt Disney's TV show, but are just as entertaining as any of the more popular series from the era.
it's a timeless classic for all who enjoy Christmas.  
The songs are some of the best by Disney, particularly "Belle" and "Something There" (I don't like the newly-added "Human Again").
We have already started collecting others so these dont even mix well.
I got these to go with the "Disney Princess Ariel's Bath Time Playset".  
I love that he's totally plush and there's no hard plastic at all.
I wish Disney didn't charge so much for their movies, but have to admit you are getting your money's worth for this release.  
this is another underrated movie, has danny trejo in it (want me to cut the vato?) lol, and it has
Unfortunately many later episodes show portions of this scene as a flashback ("last time on Alias...").
One or two are pointless, but that's something minor.
Chocolate Chips:  The Rangers vacation in South America where a German man is using zombies to dig up the cacao trees and make chocolate.  
Oh, the loss of income...no more manicured lawns...you poor thing, no more social gatherings...hide in shame because your husband was canned from a seven figure salaried job.
My daughter loves this doll so much.
But i think these will last longer than her sliding them over here head all the time and ripping them.
Clothes are good, and she's happy to have him with her Ariel doll.
I think it was because he was a rabbit and my neighbor raises rabbits and they are so soft.  
And frankly, Nemo got what was coming to him.
It has everything a kid or an adult can have in one good ol' bundle without turning into your typical kpbs s**t.
The rest of the shorts on disc one are of varying quality too.
If you've not seen this movie, you need to put it on your list.  
I hate dealing with ultraviolet
I did acquire my digital copy.
It will never go out of style with children of all ages.
its looks same appears like the diseny movie,and finally my daughter has a complete colection of disney's pricess, and she's happy
I played it for 10 minutes to see if it would play.
I said he was taking a nap.
I specifically ordered a Genuine Disney Story Olaf 9 inch plush and received a fake chinese knock-off.  
Kenai becomes very much at home and at content with the other bears.
I am glad that this film wasn't propagandistic with that element, but the fact that it's even there is at least a concern for me--I don't think it's going to mess anyone up for having seen or liked this film, but it's something that I, as an audience member, don't want more of.
I haven't washed it yet
The second now provides a much clearer, more meaningful, and less annoying installment, and pulls the trilogy into a fine set.
The fabric is very soft, and the way he is designed is perfect for hugs.
The story itself is also kinda dark at times.
I am also going to purchase The Little Mermaid 2.
When all is said and done, this isn't an unwatchable film.
My child has been casting spells for days.  
Many of the sets are truly striking.
It's a shame that the care wasn't taken to make these shorts jump off the screen, but they are all acceptable.
Because they sent a disk that won't play in the US.
My reason for withholding one star is the price markup.
This was a great buy at $2.
I HAD A HAPPY 2ND BIRTHDAY PARTY FOR MY GRANDDAUGHTER, ALIYA!
so I can put few things in it to avoid lost such as OZ pendant.
Even Geppetto wooden bed is marvelously intricate.
I bought as a gift, so was a little embarrassed the materials weren't a bit better.
The last scene, with a monster coming out of the closet not to scare a child but to greet her, is one of the sweetest moments in CGI history.
Anything I have seen him in, made me laugh.
if there were 20 stars, it would be 20 out of 20, it is that good.
It's still a great movie.
I've watched this movie since I was a kid and its such a great movie!
Jimmy Livingston (Jake Gyllenhaal)was born without any immunities.  
This is a birthday gift for my grandson.
He has also since become my favorite Disney character (though I prefer Mickey Mouse).
It can no longer be used to hold the pieces.
It is worth a watch.
The second good thing in this disc is the "When You Wish Upon a Star" music video.
You can also get a 3-disc set which features the movie in 3D.
They're cute.
A movie you'll NEVER get tired of watching -
Frankly, I am appalled with this film.
They are either WAY too expensive for what they include or they feel really cheap.  
It isn't as large as I thought it would be but it works in my Disney bathroom.  
There wasn't much of a story going on except that it was a cheating reminiscent of Beowulf.
I recommand it for girls over 4, they will love it and the price is fine
The quality is very good!  
Our daughter does everyone's hair that comes over, including our dogs hair.  
A movie requires momentum, and to allow for every bit of back story that makes a certain line funny isn't practical.
Very disappointed in Disney trying to save a few pennies at the customers expense.
I would suggest getting it for a little older kid depending on how shy your child is.
This story is about the struggle the father has over letting his son do bigger things while the son realizes his father is more of a role model than he realized he could be.
The picture nearly jumps out at you and the depth is amazing.  
It's probably every little girl dream to be a princess and the closest thing that one can be is to dress up and pretend to be one in this Dazzling Princess Game.
Not as good as I hoped but a descent movie anyway.
Add to these Bruce, the rehab shark, and Crush the very mellow surfer turtle and you've got a tour de force.
I viewed it as a strong independent woman who pursued forbidden love.
My granddaughter loves this horse.
Full review at Metal Arcade .NetOriginally released on November 14th, 1989, The Little Mermaid has since gained legendary status in the pantheon of great Disney animated films.
I love, love, love this movie.
She loved the cartoon series.
Got this for my niece for a gift and she was so happy to receive this doll.
I miss Mr. Cricket.
I mean, it was a little like torture.  
Within 2 weeks the other knee had snapped in the same place and I found myself performing more reconstructive surgery on Buzz.
Kinda pricey for a cardboard box with a couple plastic toys in it.
But the characters are great.
This is comedy at its finest.
Theatrical TrailerG. Preview Trailera.
But rather than enjoy the movie that Alice in Wonderland is, I can't help but long for the movie it could have been.
Adults will enjoy it because of its humor and ability to take them back to a more innocent time when they weren't bogged down with so many grown-up responsibilities.
YO LA VERDAD PRESIENTO QUE
They love the jumbo puzzles with their favorite characters.
Additionally a lively Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround EX mix done up by a team at Skywalker Sound.
This took forever to arrive and when it finally did, it did not work on our DVD player.  
A must buy.
This movie is awesomeness.
they bag is just right for a smaller child, but maybe not for an older as they might needs something a little bigger.
I got this to go with the two ship from Jake and Pirates.
(There is a picture of a girl doing the puzzle on the back, so you do have some reference, and once you're done it three times, you know exactly where each piece goes, so its not that big of a deal!)I would certainly recommend this to a friend.
I mean it never reads any temp!
Just like I remember, back when cartoons were worth watching and didn't look like they were drawn by a crack addict.
This is a hit at our house!
Little girl will melt your hearts.
You can hear everything with absolute clarity.
While dozing off, she dreams about falling down a rabbit hole ("Wonderland") that is populated by a peculiar series of misadventures.
It was high quality made and seemed as if it could stand all the hugs that a 3 year old could give it
It hung/skipped from 1:00 until 1:07.
She loves it.
They want to make sure Stempel loses, so they compel him to flub an easy question, the Best Picture of 1955, "Marty".
Needless to say, Dory and Marlin go off to look for Nemo, and have amazing adventures along the way.
I just love this movie.
So happy to have this in my collection.  
what you see is what you get....
he's two years old.
You can see some of this at work in this movie.
Nice to be able to purchase VHS tapes for those that still have a vcr.  
I bought this movie set for my 2 year old daughter having never seen any of the brother bear movies.
I myself prefer the new.
For me, as an adult, it's a typical Disney story.
But this one works fine and the special effects and actual climbing stand the test of time.  
The separate tops have to be fastened in the back with velcro before they can be worn, so my daughter can't put the dress-up tops on herself.
I know he will be happy.  
Introduction to Deleted Song by Alan Menken: "Human Again"4.
She loves it just as much as her at home tub..and the Pooh print is a plus! :)
He meets Jane, who came ashore with her father, and a man who, unbeknownst to them, wants to capture the apes.
From the opening frames, as the camera moves in on Beast's castle, the 3-D is beautiful, bringing the landscapes to life, giving them new beauty.
Through word of the Lego grapevine, I was able to find out about 10 days before Christmas that the Lego store had a small supply of the new Disney "princess" sets available (the official release date was Jan 1).
Completely forgot how good this movie was.  Would definitely recommend for any movie collection and for any age young or old.
The Little Mermaid was my favorite Disney movie as a child and I love it even more now, 30 years later, as I watch my daughter sing and dance along to the movie.
When there is a long shot, everything is fine, but when there is a close-up of any character it seems there is a amall white "outline" around any ink-line within the character's figure.  
I think the reason for this is due in part to the simple fact that I've done the old fable turned modern CG film many, many times in the past and can attest to how horribly wrong it can all go (try any of the Unstable Fables, Happily N'ever
My granddaughter loves Monsters inc so Sully, Mike and Boo were a must .
It's a PIXAR production and they are the best in the business when it comes to animation, that's why Disney decided to hook up with them recently.
Olivia Williams circa 1998 was absolutely adorable.
But "Peter Pan" is also a film that showcases the classic Disney era that showcases amazing use of color, art background with tremendous detail.  
but it's a cheaply made yet overpriced paperweight.  
Bought it right away of course!I just hope someday our kids will love this movie as much as I do!
Regardless of what critics say I don't think this movie was a "minor" Disney film, in fact it has its own section in the Cinderella's Castle area of Disney land, with rides and a shop dedicated to just it.
We all love it and it makes you laugh.
It's a decent kids' movie.
I am sure my 3 year old niece will grow to love it as well.
Johnny Depp is back as Captain Jack Sparrow trapped on a sea of Sand in Davy Jones' locker.
SHE LOOKS LIKE A SMALL CHILD INSTEAD OF A LITTLE PERSON.
This is a awesome Woody doll, he's huge compared to my sons old broken down one.
It's really adorable and we like all the old skits of Disney clips.
When the grandsons opened them up for Christmas, voila!
Rushmore stars Jason Schwartzman in his first role.
Its great to watch!
Has to be 5 or less.
Cars 2 is pretty terrible
I bought this for my grandchildren (5 and 7) but watched along with them remembering when I saw this as a child.
The material is pretty durable.
The merit of Walt Disney's "The Little Mermaid" as satisfying family entertainment is addressed more than enough times in the other reviews and does not require any more elaboration.  
If you've got young kids and you've never seen it before, I'd definitely say yes.  
This is a must for those who love the Disney movies when they used to be great.
It's neat to watch the whole series in a row, because it's so interesting to see how the family evolves over time.
This set begins with the 5 episode start of the series.
I don't know if I had a later run of the DVDs where it was fixed, or I just don't have as sharp an ear.
Now she can't get enough.
It is a great movie.
But I saw them 3 weeks prior so I thought they might have switched out by then.
On the other hand Pinocchio's deliberate pace allows the viewer to really take in the atmosphere.
This DVD was a good value for my girls ages 8.5, 6 and 2.5.
The picture is sharp and clear.
what makes a film worth seeing even though it plays this fast-&-loose with the facts?think of it not as a history lesson but as a mood peice of a certain period.
Sweet Duck of Youth:  Scrooge and the boys head for Florida in search of the fabled Fountain of Youth.  A-24.  
I rememeber watching these shorts growing up .
recommended for anyone that loves the show and wants to see more about the making of etc.
Raiders of the Lost Harp:  Scrooge acquires a magical harp that can determine if someone was lying or not.  
Great movie for all ages!
Didn't strike me as being even slightly believable.
Also, blanket is very thin :(
Though it is a sometimes emotional movie, a lot of the time it deals with the issues of environmentalism in a rather fun and entertaining way, keeping the 2-hour story from becoming too painful to watch.
Special Features 5/5There are over four hours of additional features, the best of which is the 76-minute Through the Keyhole: A Companion's Guide to Wonderland feature.
My almost 5 year old loves it.
As a surprise, we bought him Bullseye and Woody.
Donald angrily tosses the beans away and overnight they grow into a giant beanstalk.
Helen Mirren is great as are those other actresses who play the ladies.
I guess you would have to see for yourself, but I will not watch it again.
Ariel is in tears and a pair of eels named Flotsam and Jetsam convinces her to see Ursula.
Its the Little Mermaid!!!
He did just fine in the washer and dryer on delicate settings.
Very cute and in bright, pretty colors.
This movie about two pals who get into some trouble and find a way to revolutionize the way of making a living is earned is heart warming and delightful.  
or she will get the number of jewels show and can put them on their jewelry.
"Give me a break.
The movie (all three) Beauty and the Beast is great for the whole family and gets and AAAAA+++++.Disc 1Scene SelectionSet Up1.
We used the monster trucks as rewards for my son's potty training and it worked like a charm!
One of the better kid's movies, yet great for the whole family.
This movie compresses a lot of Douglas Adams' work down into a 2 hour (give or take) film.
Bambi (1942)Family, Animation, Drama, 70 minutesDirected by James Algar, Samuel Armstrong, David Hand, Graham Heid, Bill Roberts, Paul Satterfield and Norman WrightStarring the voices of Hardie Albright, Peter Behn, Stan Alexander and Bobette AudreyBambi is a prime example of classic Disney.
An apologetic Kenai leaves to reach the mountain.
Looks amazing, the 3d is awesome, and was a great price.
Working together, he and Spiderman are only just able to prevent a catastrophe, but in the end, Dr. Ohm sacrafices himself to save Earth.
In particular, you might remember some of the quasi-science fiction flicks starring a young Kurt Russell as high-school student Dexter.  
One of my families favorite Disney movies.
Then go back to Volume 1 & then see Volume 3.  
Mr. Conried voices the fussy father very well, and as Captain Hook creates one of Disney's classic villains.  
Do not hesitate to buy this doll.
The exposure to Eskimo culture was good (if accurate); the music and scenery were beautiful.  
I just ordered it as a birthday present for a cousin of mine, since he went crazy when I showed him my Chip N' Dale DVDs & he wanted to see the origin story.
Potts' Engaging Treats: FUN FOR ALL AGESThe Making of Beauty and the Beast1.
Even as Geppetto rushes around his workshop to find something to extinguish the flame the grin of wonder never leaves Pinocchio's face.
We go to the Ariel ride in California Adventure and it's so fun singing along with Ariel.
CALLED DISNEY AND REQUESTED FOR THE REMAINING EPISODE TO BE RELEASED.
Anyway, overall this set is pretty good, but they lose a star for not having Buzz!
I recommend it to everyone!!!!GO NEMO!!!!
Marcia Strassman returns as Wayne's wife.
First, the premise of everyday monsters actually trying their best to scare human kids in order to raise their economy is something that is quite amusing.
It is a heavy duty toy that can last throught baths and mud puddles.
Dale thinks he's living the sweet life when he convinces a visiting, shape-shifting space alien to take over his chores, but the alien has developed a taste for Earthly-living and suddenly wants to take over Dale's life on a more permanent basis.  
Although my own experience is in biochemistry and molecular biology (and not animal ecology), the scientific aspects of this movie were more than enough to capture my interest.(3) COMEDY.  
but must have seen another one as a child because it was definitely not the movie I remember.
If you haven't read the books, don't substitute this film for them because there is so much more that is really fantastic about the books.
As soon as we got it in she had it in the DVD player.
Although most of the work on this movie was done after his death, Adams still had a big hand in this adaptation.
"TARZAN" A Heartwarming Tale of Love, Friendship and Acceptance!!
Lightning is cocky, and riding for a fall.
The darkness of the movie is not a complaint it's just a reality.
His fears are confirmed when he realizes that Mary is about to be shipped off to a preppy boarding school after the wedding and that the headmistress has a huge crush on him and even goes so far as to make a much-dramatic move on him as well!With Ted Danson as Jack, playing his part as an elderly English vicar to help stall the wedding, the other two are determined to stop the ceremony so Selleck can admit to Sylvia that he loves her, and to expose her future husband for the complete moron that he turns out to be.
Again, not a "deal breaker" but time waster, IMHO.So there you have it.
Sabastian if my favorite character.
The same is true of "At world's end" but to enjoy the good bits you must set aside the fact that the plot, if it can be dignified with that name, continues to get more ludicrous from the word go.
And he does appear to have a little wear and tear (as he is supposed to) and his expression is perfect.
Also, you can't watch the blu ray copy with the commentary.
Was a five disk set, all perfect, but no digital copy  with the previously viewed. :)
I also bought the inflatable jet pack/wings.
She implores the Beast to let her see him.  
Only drawback is that it doesn't stay up because it is sort of "too articulated".
cars is just so cute.
Frozen lunch box: 10.00  Your granddaughter's face as she proudly marches in to preschool with her new lunch box?
this is a nice big floor puzzle.  
The only thing I don't like is the bag, it's hard plastic and it's hard to open and fit all the stuff in.
The image of Rapunzel on the comforter is very big and clear.  
arrived in perfect condition.
I love passing down my childhood favorites to my own children.
Another great multi-part story.  A40.  
One of my faves!
She LOVES it!  
This was the best set that I could find.  
I would not recommend this to anyone.
A down on his luck pilot named Noah Dugan, in need of some fast cash to pay off a dangerous gambling debt, takes on the job of flying a wreck of a plane loaded with animals, a female missionary, and two stowaway orphans to a remote island.
I grew up with TLM as my favorite disney princess movie and hopefully I can resist taking her out of the box!
I recently started collecting Disney DVDs and was thrilled to add this one to my collection at such a great price.
I am not sure why I never got around to watching this movie, but now I realize that I was missing out all these years.
and I wish that there were more scenes with his reunion with his homecoming experience.
You sell a superior product.  
The Cheshire Cat was voiced by Sterling Holloway who also played Winnie the Pooh and Kaa the Snake in The Jungle Book.
Family movie night this get requested a lot.
It isn't glued on and just pops back in (until it falls off again).
They soon get tangled up in a battle between with Captain Hook and his pirates.
There is also the surreal hallucinatory scene where Jack is on a ship crewed by many Jacks (the first scene Johnny Depp is in, 34 minutes into the bloody film!!!); later on in the film, there's a reprise where two mini-Jacks come out to sit on his shoulder, and again in the jail when the zombie jack removes his own brain and fondles it, licks it, then drops it on the ground.
If so, you will like this one too.
There isn't a person from 2 to 72 that doesn't like NEMO.
I just recently started only buying blu-ray movies that came with UltraViolet if the option was there, and/or purchasing one from the Amazon Instant store for my library.
These are nice figures but was disappointed with the off-scale size.  
Hope this helps any of you potential buyers.
Early Presentation ReelStory1.
In the end we see people which we knew from the start and middle of the movie showing their true identities.
The item was packaged neatly and arrived several weeks earlier than scheduled.
Like most people I adore most of the Pixar movies and this was my first purchase in their collection.  
I have Frozen, Villains, Little Mermaid, Snow White, and many others.
Through the Keyhole: A Companion's Guide to Wonderland - View the movie in this special mode and discover references to the original Lewis Carroll classic.
but I thought it carried laughs well.
Doc McStuffins is one of her favorite characters on the Disney channel.  
PLANES birthday cake for a 4 year old, the "4" being a "runway" with planes on it.
Original Release Publicity Gallery7.
It will always be a classic!
and she has to do this without her voice.
You MUST have a BD player to see all the new bonuses.
Eric is the first prince to actually have some personality.  
My family likes the first three of these movies.
THE ONE I RECEIVED HAS NO DEFINED LACE OR  WHITE BORDER.
Sisters need things such as this ;)
Hayden loves the movie and the characters especially boo.
Everybody who loves Disney movies has to see this film.
If it did, I think it would help keep it in place better.
I watch it with him and I have to say, I love it too!
Loved Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers as a child
THEY WILL RISE LIKE JAPAN WITH PRODUCTS!
This has always been one of my all-time favorites.
Starting with his Alice shorts, the live action little girl placed in a cartoon.
DO NOT HESITATE, BUY THIS FILM!!
Maybe it is something in the dress or the cloak, but this doll turns green.
It's remarkable that the one guest for which I had the greatest disappointment was on episode 22, with Mummenshanz.
The band-aid "boo-boo" bracelet that comes with it is also limited in flexibility so when I toddler tries to stretch it to fit on Mommy, Daddy, her BIG teddy and so on, it doesn't quite make it - there are some plastic bend marks in it
Video Quality 5/5Quite simply, the transfer couldn't be better.
I bought this series because I wanted to see the final episodes which never aired on TV, this show was cancelled pretty quickly.
I love this movie, and I'm so happy it was available on here.
If you watched the tv show, you will like this one.
You also have some games and the Classic DVD Bonus Features ported from the Platinum DVD.A DVD copy is also offered.
Just a easy lay back laughter andit suits the purpose if you just want something to sit back and laugh atthe outlandish story line and charactor's.Was very enventful and worth a smile and laughter to watch.  
Nah, I didn't think so.3.
They have grey circular bottoms, that makes them very sturdy, again perfect for cake toppers.
Walt Disney's 1951 version, which is presented for the first time on a "60th Anniversary" Blu-Ray combo package in this edition also including a not-quite-so-decked-out-with-bonus-materials DVD.The "Alice" material was clearly close to Walt Disney since he did his own twist on the idea in his first successful film series, the Alice comedies, in which a live action Virginia Davis interacted with animated creatures.
Anne Hataway Love her and everything she does.
Really nice, this is a good movie from DISNEY....
The extras on the first disc include an interview with Robert Loggia and 3 stills galleries.
Obviously, as in most Studio Ghibli films, there's a good bit of environmentalism woven into the story; but, again like the others, it's not presented in a heavy-handed, slap-across-the-face style.
I love most Disney products and feel that the quality of these are no exception.
In other words - not good.  
I have only seen several episodes and am already disappointed.  
Also, Disneystore.com is also offering this same plush for $5.00+tax and shipping so check around before you order.  
We bought this to go along with the talking Buckey (as suggested by Amazon) wich has places for the figures to attach.
So, I had to get Bambi.
Cars (the first movie) was a hands-down winner for mygranddaughter between the ages of 2 and 3.  
Third you go into this film expecting one thing but get something else much much better.
"Tale as Old as Time" and a good deal of the other songs are ones that stay with you.  
I love Beauty and the Beast, and I'm so glad it is for sale on DVD.
The first twenty minutes or so suffer from moving slowly but then the pace picks up and we get to see some gorgeous cinematography.
Film looks good on the blu ray.  
I'd never even heard of this movie till I found it here on Amazon Instant.
In the process, they will save an Indian princess (Tiger Lilly), deal with mermaids, and forgive Tinker bell's mistakes.
It's about, as the film itself says, what one will do to survive.
I've never been to a NASCAR race, but the race sequences appear to be pretty authentic.  
That's why Disney continues to do it.
It's a great addition of these shorts regardless as I found them to be entertaining and interesting.
Park, Joshua Tree Nat'l.
Each episode follows uncle Scrooge as he goes on his adventures, tries to educate his grand-nephews and goes about running his business.
What `The Coachman' does to the children can definitely inspire some bad dreams in kids.
Which is the reason I added it to my DVD collection.
Her eyes are just all wrong, she sort of looks like she has squinting eyes, and just doesn't look appealing or Amber like at all.
Infant first bath in small plastic tub... 1 month to 4 month  bathroom basin ... 5 months to 10 months baby bathtub over kitchen sink...
We, as fans, can't wait forever to buy one of the versions, but we hate to run out and buy the first one knowing that there might be a better version released soon after (this 3D version for example).  
But nevertheless it is still an enchanting film and not one of the many films, Disney or other, which I have watched in the meantime has managed to even get the slightest chance to replace it as my favourite.
And yes, once again, I must award a full 5 star review for the effort given and the pleasure received at watching this film for the 14th time!
Then, they made a sequel to a NOT successful film.  
Hilarious and thought provoking.
A Disney classic at it's best.
If you want the best version of Winnie the Pooh before they changed it to that horrible 3D mess now days then get this movie.
East India Company merchant ships were the most heavily armed merchantmen ever built, and looked from the outside almost exactly like Royal Navy 74-gun ships of the line (e.g. battleships with two gun decks.)
Dean Jones and Suzanne Pleshette are awesome together as a couple thrown to the dogs.  
Another great movie I purchased on VHS for my boys.  
His articulation is better than I had expected, though I found his painted-on brown "underwear" a bit disturbing to see.  
Arrived as promised on the exact time, date, and in the exact condition as promised too.
I have tried to myself and Mickey and Pluto are the only ones to stay in position.
No matter if you have had to "grow up," Peter Pan is a joy to watch.  
I always loved the flow of the 2 different plots with surprising parallels.  
Right now there are only two dvd sets out for Gargoyles.  
I love the explanation of "monsters" and why they like to scare people.  
He'd scream and cry bloody murder until bath time was over.
The second feature on disc two is Disneyland 10th Anniversary which is a pretty cool treat with a look at the "new" attractions Walt and his crew were coming up with.
So you can let down all these innocent kids?
He becomes a success as an actor, a star.
All I can say is that it was like this movie had been made just yesterday specifically for the 3D format.  
Weather Or Not:  The other Rangers think Monterey is crazy when his weather-indicating tail keeps predicting snow; however, Monterey's tail is out of whack because Nimnul has created a weather machine and is using it rob banks and jewelry shops.  
No, these kind of movies are not Oscar winners but once again - who cares?
Though morally flawed, each and every character has a drawing point.
From not having seen this film in a few years I thought its age would show against the sequel but this wasn't the case as this film still looks and sounds equally as beautiful and powerful as its successor.
Now that the movie is on Blu-Ray its better than ever.
These are very soft.
as my son is 20 months old he can be hard on things and he often tries to tug on the cover and pull it off the spout.
On the journey, Ahmed listens to them speak until he starts to understand their dialect and by the time they reach foreign shores, is able to communicate with them enough that he makes a friend in Herger (Dennis Storhoi).
Beauty and the Beast is another popular favorite from Disney's 3rd golden era.
This one's for all the lovable misfits.
You will be very glad you did.
Similarly, the "Id" and "Ego" Jacks giving the character "advice" certainly highlighted the degree to which there is no actual "right" answer to some of the more annoying decisions confronting us, especially those that will produce an equally undesirable outcome.  
(DVD, Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D & Digital versions all included)
The musical score lived on through the decades, even though the film was out of general release for 23 years and shown twice in edited form on TV.
The remainder of the story is full of charm and we see how Bambi and his friends discover love and choose their mates.
An almost bankrupt institution, Disney found enormous financial and creative success with "The Little Mermaid", leading a string of popular animated films.
I'm not big on movies that omit the true reason behind Christmas or  Easter but unfortunately I've come to expect that.
It's one thing to have some slap-stick humor or some humor geared toward a young audience, but this was neither.
Let's start with the biggest plus I found.
Pros:-It has 2 wholes on each side for airing the box.-The whole box collapses and it is thin-Very easy for 2.5 yrs old to open and close it.-It it fairly big and holds lots of toys.-Pretty and Minnie-PriceCons:-It is deforming on the sides a tad, but that doesn't worry me much.-The collapsed box it a tad too long.
So even though it is a brilliant film, I was disappointed to some degree by its restoration and I wish the directors would finally take notice.
Wow, what can I say?  
They won't hold up for much wear, we will see but at this price a great start to princess dress up.
I did not own a blu-ray at the time, and gave it away to a friend for his kids.
What was the first movie you ever watched?
But..in my 42 year old brain this came close to a fail.
Of course, the film went on to win stellar reviews, earned several Oscars and Golden Globes, and ended up taking in over $200 million in box office.
Even thought the 3d is not popping out of the TV (like Despicable me)...it gives a nice dimension to the movie.  
The appearance of the environments had to actually be cartooned for the actual production.  
A motif based upon a chessboard, The Red King and Queen, the White King and Queen, the Red Knight and White Knight, the Jabberwocky, Tweedledum and Tweedledee, Humpty Dumpty, the Lion and the Unicorn, Hatta and Haighaa (a disguised appearance by the Mad Hatter and the March Hare), and the The Walrus and the Carpenter come from Through the Looking Glass.
So instead of going out to the disney store to pick one up, I ordered it.  
But it got better in once it started focusing on individual kid's stories, that's when I started to really get into it.  
This is a great set.
Overall, I would recommend this product if you're shopping for kids who love to dress-up.  
There is also a pretend card.
Finding Nemo comes to mind.  
Nothing wrong with that DVD, but I don't like to pirate, so we opted for the Blu-Ray when it came out.
My daughter loved this Christmas gift - the lunch box is constructed very well and the key art is extremely rich.
It is just beautiful.
As for Disc 2, its quality and content is as bland as the first one, with some exceptions, but it's still not good enough.
I have really enjoyed the movie and am glad to own such a great work in my collection.
i used to watch this on tv in September 18, 1987  November 28, 1990
The small bag was a big hit with my little one.  
Everything is turned on its head.
I let a family memeber hold it last summer and I haven't gotten it back since, and it's almost Thanksgiving.
The dialogue and presence of the supporting characters was natural, matter-of-fact, and all the more funny for it.
My 22 month old doesn't get scared by the monsters.
The stories are full of wonder and revel in showing the viewer the setting.
It is the perfect combination of action and a great story line.
My daughter loved this Disney Classic!
She loves it and it has worked very well!
Don't stand up, which I didn't think my toddler would mind-
Alice In Wonderland in one hour and fifteen minutes and was released in theaters on July 26, 1951.
And lastly the face looks the most "true" to the Tangled movie than any of the others, which was a big part.  
"When you wish upon a star" is a timeless classic and this movie will be seen by generations of children to come.
There are striking difference with the book but the essence is here.  
It's not an Emmy or Oscar, but you've got to love Walt Disney and his creative team wanting to give America heroes.
I bought it because I was going to be staying with family while my husband closed on our house across the country.
the only down fall is the packaging of her made her disformed a little.
I am so pleased that they enyoy this movie and I now am not too cool to love it.
Fun movie for all ages.  
The children should love it.
NOW THAT I HAVE A LITTLE ONE OF MY OWN I AM ALWAYS ON THE LOOKOUT FOR WHOLESOME AGE APPROPRIATE ENTERTAINMENT.
They are kind of satin-y and in my opinion, they look cheap.
I would most certainly agree.
This was one of the few movies I happily paid to see twice in the cinema, and sitting in a sparsely-populated Friday night audience (I was living in Barbados at the time, and it was hardly the most artistic place on Earth...
All the way down to the letters "ANDY" written on the feet, this toy misses no detail.  
Since she can sit up she wanted to get her toys and move by herself.
I'm very disappointed because I was really looking forward to sharing it with my grandchildren.
I'm very sad because I would've loved to own her. :(
When Tinker Bell convinces the Lost Boys to try and kill Wendy, Peter isn't angry over the attempted murder he's angry that Tink betrayed him.
And the peanut joke was not funny.
The inclusion of a DVD is a nice touch as it will see service in our car soon.
The music settings helped put her to sleep at nap and drown out noises for naps.
I purchased this stuffed animal for my 4 year old niece for Christmas.
Like I mentioned earlier in my review, this could be redeemed by releasing a volume two with the remaining 3 Baca and 5 Fox episodes on it.
Fun entertaining, good story line, great animation, a quality film.
It's A Bird, It's Insane, It's Dale! -
I know many don't even fans of the books.
Wanted to get it before it got put into the vault.
Combining all these formats allows for maxmum viewing options based on a family's rapidly changing schedule.
Definitely a great movie.
Pixar to me is perfect and only makes Masterpieces, Even the companies OK work (Bugs life and Brave) is still lightyears better than 95 percent of most animated features on the market.
Even for the adults.
This was well done.
Brother Bear has the delightful setting of the Alaskan wilderness, where animals and connection with nature are a part of everyday life.
Perfect for my boys when they sleep and watch finding memo.
I tucked the pillow case around the pillow, but a toddler pillow sized case would certainly be preferred.
Wow is all I can say.  
Starring Martin Freeman (Sherlock, the Hobbit) as well as Sam Rockwell (Moon, Ironman 2) and Zooey Deschanel (500 days of summer).
I won't recommended for little people.
My niece and I loved the way they did Sulley's fur.
The first disc includes the first 3 episodes of Elfego Baca which is a fast paced "shoot em up" western series starring Robert Loggia (Frank from Scarface).
Clues are age appropriate (ages 4+), but familiarity with the Disney Princess movies will be necessary.  
Nanny is truly a gem!
and I don't think it scarred me
Good story overall, good acting by all.
I always found the story to be quite lame, however, what Wes Anderson film isn't kind of boring (film snobs refuse to admit this, buts its true)?
The first thing that gets you is how pretty it is.  
I wonder if some of what works and what doesn't depends on the child, how the kid sits, etc.
nice and soft little pillow.
On a comic footnote: Brother Bear also features the voices of Rick Moranis and Dave Thomas as Rutt and Tuke, moose characters reminiscent of their beer-guzzling McKenzie brothers from SCTV and Strange Brew; because this is a family-oriented cartoon - and it would be inappropriate for the moose to quaff beer -- the two moose express a fondness for eating wheat hops instead.
I cannot praise this movie enough.
The voice work, by the likes of James Coburn as Henry J. Waternoose III and Steve Buscemi as the evil Randall Boggs is exceptional.  
What a disappointment!
she is 4 and she can put this together by herself
The characters, the story, the colors, this is a movie that I loved as a child and still makes me smile today.
Just because I wasn't head over heels in love with the film doesn't mean you should avoid buying or viewing
She has legs so you can purchase other outfits for her instead of having to keep her in fins only.
AUDIO & SUBTITLES:"Bambi: Diamond Edition" is presented in 7.1 DTS-HD High Resolution Audio, French and Spanish Dolby DEHT  Language Tracks and restored original theatrical soundtrack.  
Great for little ones to adults and safe for children to watch without being to scary.
Alice In Wonderland only gets a C from me.
This is much better than the american region 1 software.
The product looks nice, smaller than I imagined.  
The initial scenes with the government biologist and the pilot looked almost exactly what I experienced.  
There is only one game on this disc, an interactive jigsaw puzzle game, narrated by Jiminy Cricket himself.
Ordered this as an accessory to the Buzz Lightyear costume my Son wanted to wear for Halloween.
The fatphobic jokes, the uglier and brassier and older sisters, the "duke of soul" and the "blackfish" (?!?!), the sexualization of a teenager (and not in a self-possessed sex-positive way, either, but in a male gazey way honestly, I think Ariel would be less sexualized *without* the shell bra)?
One of the cutest dolls I have ever seen.
He is in terrific shape.
It is the prefect size for those big Woody dolls (the ones that sell for $40+) The only problem that I have found is that the does not stand on his own.
My husband even likes it.  
Doc wants Lightning to pay the price for his own unhappiness.
Then why, oh why, am I so apathetic about this film?
That was probably the best part in the whole movie.
Avoid this one for sure.
In that version, there was a new musical scene added called "I Can't Wait to be Human Again".
Nice and soft.
LOVE LOVE this game!
He is  a loveful  muppet  and the little frog  has to put up with miss piggyh
Here we have the story of a monster community that scares children to keep their city running.  
I actually got this today and I wanted to take it out of the box
My biggest concern is keeping all the little pieces together over time, but for now it holds up just fine.  
I accidentally came across it in the local library and after watching it decided I wanted to buy it.  
Too complicated for my toddler audience though she seemed to enjoy ok.
Very fast shipping!Inflates easily and stayed inflated well.
My son s very happy with thsi DVD.
MY GRAND DAUGTERS JUST LOVE IT
Disney tells a fascinating version of the fairy tale.
And for a Diamond Edition release, you would expect a plethora of special features and you do get a good number.  
A Wolf in Cheap Clothing: Dale's obsession with horror comics causes him to jump to supernatural conclusions when the team's investigation into some strange robberies put them on the track of a wolf who spends his nights as a free-wheeling human.  
Wigand looks a lot like the way Crowe portrayed him....chunky and round-faced, but a lot more cheerful.  
Thanks for putting it on amazon prime!
Bottom line is this movie is a rent.
The third movie was good but it could not be better as the first.
My daughter loves this movie!
The quality of Disney dolls are definitely superior to the Mattel versions.
The storyline is easy to follow, and makes finding Nemo a true adventure.
I truely love british comedies, this one is one of my favorites.
Blu-ray interactive galleries* Game: Disney Big Book of Knowledge* Classic DVD bonus features:*"The Making of Bambi" lasts for almost an hour, and tells some of the same stories that one hears from the "Inside Walt's Story Meetings" extra.
They can be marveled at for hours and I doubt will ever see anything like this ever again.
Galleria is half black and half Italian.
It was Bambi's girlfriend, not his mother, who was threatened then, and he successfully fights off a pack of hunting dogs.
Now it randomly plays songs, but not always the ones that go with the "cd."
I actually purchased this DVD for my Mom as I knew she would love it - I already had it.  
Worth the price definitely to get the DVD, Blu Ray, 3-d Blu Ray, digital download and soundtrack!
This is perhaps my least favorite of the classic Disney animation features...
If you love the Little Mermaid this is a good addition to your disney movies especially to see them in High quality.
There is, naturally, a loss of depth, but overall it is a movie well worth watching and owning.
My son loves these, but, he loves everything Cars!  
My 4 yr old loves him.
It kept my attention while my two year old played !
She liked it but there's really not much she can do with it I suppose.
It was worth every second I spent watching it over and over again.
Just as the first film, there's no profanity, no crude humor, and acceptability among family audiences.
It's a beautiful looking film in this format, but the chaotic nature of the story grows tiresome for me.
For the very very small group who hasn't seen it yet, then watch it!
I loved the idea of combining the Cars characters that my son loves with monster trucks, which are also a huge hit with my little guy, but this one just fell short on quality.
So you're probably asking yourselves: "With all of the depressing and scary material in a Winnie the Pooh movie, how could anyone give this a 5 star review?"
The little boy I bought this for loves it because he loves Tigger.
One reason I was glad the extras were included on the DVD is because I got it before I got my own Blu-Ray.
I love how they made a story about the power of scream & Laugh so exciting.
Well made and just the right size.
My son is delighted with his spare jake and pirates parfa not play with them are very light and not incomodad and case gives a very good impression of the treasure chest
Sam Waterston, one of my favorit Actors was Starring in it, and did a wonderful job.
There are references to murder, poisoning, and other graphic forms of violent torture (a man is electrocuted, another threatened with ingesting broken glass).
So you can watch it over and over again.
My 4 year old is obsessed with Monsters Inc.
Slap stick is close to the only comedy u get these days with is boring!  
ive been getting alot of these movies through other big retailers for 5-9 dollars.
I also like the perception of colors.
Each time I see things that I was not old enouth to notice then.  
Kids will love them.
Very chincy for Disney to sell an Ariel doll with no change of clothes at all, but that's standard Disney practice.  
The comforter is really light weight, which we like because his nursery set comforter is very heavy and we could never put it over him bc it's too hot.
Unfortunately, the humans always seem to break it.  
A very sweet movie.
if ihad teenage grandkids they wud love it too.
It's so skinny it's hard to get the things in and out of it, too.
Regardless of the rest of the movie, the first scene of the hangings is appalling and completely unnecessary to the plot.  
My 3 year old lost intrest.
I got this as a gift for my daughters 2nd birthday
There's no mediocre song in that!
The only impressive thing about this overblown and self-important film was that the director was able to get it released with easily an hour of totally disposable footage and scenes included.
I got it here for a good price compared to a local store in town.
The shorts range anywhere from 6 to 21 minutes and are much more diverse than past collections featuring one character.
Definitely worth seeing.
Box-office-wise, "Alice" did the ol' flopperino, which Disney ascribed to its "having no heart".
Bottom line: If you have a 3D set up buy this movie.
I think it has been largely ignored.  
Thank you guys and have a good day!!
Here are the reasons to like the film:(1) GREAT SCENERY.  
When he is tired and sleepy, all I have to do is play this DVD for him and he is soon asleep:)
Merrin Dungey, who plays Sydney's best friend Francie, also has the opportunity to join in the fun of the spy world, but for more on that you have to watch the series.
I can stick the head/neck into the body and it kind of stays there if one is very careful, and does not play with her.
My memory of Beauty and Beast are from several viewings of the 70 mm release at the Academy Theater on New York City.  
This film could have be titled, HOW THE PICKS INVADED THE CENTER OF THE EARTH,and it would still have worked because of Bandaras's many acutely affective expressions.
Jeffery's life was ruined, when he chose the right path, and blew the tobacco industry out of the water.
As there are some who are very critical of how the Native Americans were portrayed in the film and then there are those who see characters to be sexist.  
Disney Princess Stories, Vol. 1 is a 2004 Disney DVD features four Disney Princesses, Jasmine, Ariel, Belle, and Cinderella in four interactive stories, two animated and two storybook-style.
These are so adorable!
It is okay for a child as a first doll, starter doll
I love Wes Anderson films and this is another great one.  
Disney's Book of Knowledge - An interactive game based on multiple choice and for players to earn stickers (on-game stickers).
After a quest, that leads them  from planet to planet they get some shocking news, get this movie and find out what it is
And I really never get tired of watching it because the humor works for adults as well as kids.
Oldie but Goodie!
Great items in the chest.
"Bambi" departs from that storyline and that is the reason why it is so special to me.
The movie was pretty cute, but the books were tons better!
It's better to wait until they restock.
I got this elsewhere for the fair market value, and mine was also a bit smushed on arrival.
We were afraid the curtain would fall a little short, but it's perfect.  
Art Gallery (with new design and new images)*
My only complaint is that it doesn't come with a brush.
My friends younger children often come over to borrow this movie.
i love this movie,its a bit raunchy in humor so if thats not your thing steer clear.it also has a feel good ending ,all around good flick,
The 1:85:1 aspect ratio of the film is misleading and confusing to many, it seems.
We learn that he was transformed into a beast by an enchantress, and he must learn to love someone before his 21st birthday, otherwise he will remain a beast forever.
The boots are too easily removable and the hat doesn't fit extremely well.  
I love Walt Disney movies!
The song about why Indians have red skin (kissed a maid, blushed, and red ever since) is just good fun; it's not racist or "harmful to indigenous people" as one reviewer put it (I'm sure that reviewer thinks it "just awful" that a football team would be called "Redskins").
I am sure that we just received a "bad" one but it is something that just floored me.
Nothing is missing from the features described.
Got for a good price.
I grew up watching this show and when I saw it was on DVD i decided to get it
There were a lot of questions about that part for the next few days.
We have not received this set as of yet but are so excited as we await it.  
This is a little too silly.  
I found this episode to be the most enjoyable from an adult standpoint and is quite humorous in parts.
Does not go into detail about The Alamo.
.disney realse volume 2
So when this movie came out I was already well into adulthood and I was skeptical about them messing with there reputation for great movie animation and the creation of Disney heroines.  
Purchased for Christmas so, I just purchased from Disney store online.  
The DVD didn't work unless forced along the time bar on a computer.  
I bought this movie as well as the soundtrack for the show.
I think it might go back to the vault in 2011.
I'm as big a Pixar fan as they come.
I have to say I was slightly disappointed with this.
This was it!  
love Mos Def in this.  
The main reason is because of Pinocchio, himself.
this is everything I was looking for.
It is an absolute slam dunk upgrade.
Also, all limbs are accounted for.
This brought back a lot of memories especially my favorites, "The Swedish Chef", "Pigs in Space" with Link Hearthrob, the Professor and Beaker.
I was able to take the head band part off and I will try to put some type of string on it to tie it on.
Unfortunately, althoguh it does come in a wooden box all 4 puzzles are made of a thick cardboard.  
He loves these planes and plays with them all the time.  
It does what it's suppose to do.
I was expecting a soft winter hat but this is very stiff & uncomfortable looking.
This is a solid action flick and I recommend it with four stars.
It is addictive to watch these because you can literally watch one after another and before you know it you've watched 3 or 4.  
Outside of this feature film, the story is usually hosted by Professor Ludwig Von Drake (one of Donald's uncles) or narrated by the voice of Sterling Holloway.
Great movie even better in 3D!!!
They are soft as not to leave any dangerous parts though.
Some people have noted that the transfer is too perfect and small imperfections become painfully glaring on the bluray.
I loved the "movie" right up until the shooting, so I cannot give it a negative review, but I don't think extremely sensitive children should watch it.
They barely stay on.
Enjoying Jennifer Garner in this action packed series.  
It is cute for the younger girls, but too babyish for the older girls.
It's currently listed at $17.45, we got it for $13.50.
I can watch many times and never get tired of it  :)
A few of the older guys who actually made the film are here too, and shed some light on some interesting facts about the creation of this classic.
However, as expected, it is a little flimsy because it's just mesh material with some wiring.
I highly recommend this movie to anyone looking for another great baby einstein movie!
He loves it!
The "humor" is strained around the single premise that Dick Van Dyke is mistaken for the mad killer Ace Williams.  
And the parts where he grabs Tinkerbells wings and spanks her butt to sprinkle fairy dust and when he laughs as his mermaid suitors beat Wendy up were the worst for me.
I know he's the protector of the family, but I just don't like that guy.
Too many films ground everything in a stark reality -- even fantasy films!Besides the delightful feature, don't miss the 40-minute featurette, "Growing Up with Nine Old Men," another holdover feature from the earlier release.
This movie is wonderful.
The critics and Rotten Tomatoes go take a hike.  
It is a must to have in the movie library.
I didn't realize it didn't come with a drain, which is really fantastic if your baby/toddler pulls a maneuver that causes a need for emptying the tub quickly for safety reasons.  
To my surprise and great pleasure, I was treated to a riot of color, manic activity and enough edgy darkness to make this a truly worthy Lewis Carroll adaptation.
At least we do get a widescreen option.
I LOVE the Muppets!  
Sound and graphics are great -
Classic movie that looks even better in blu-ray format with an additional song that is performed in the broadway version
I hate it when they mess with things I loved too.
Both leads characters are very easy for most people to identify with, and their strengths and weaknesses to 9overcome make for the best story telling.
but it wasn't until I became a grandma that I was able to see what a great movie this is.
Another christmas gift for my girlfriends daughter we tried to get her everything that she wanted this year thank you
The pieces, while they are big enough to handle easily are a tight fit so it makes it hard for my 2 year old to be able to push them together but they are wood and so I think they should last us awhile.  
One more word, There!
The voices of Albert Brooks, Ellen Degeneres, Willem Dafoe Brad Garrett are some of the all-star talent assembled and are never wasted.
The storyline I think was a bit too dark for a child's movie but still had a lot of heart.
Nice clear picture and sound.
but i still enjoy it at my age today.i also think this is one of Walt Disney's greatest classics today.so
Great sounds and very fun to play with.
One of the best children's films ever made & it never gets old.  
But they are connected by their history as the first and last films produced at is now called Disney's Hollywood Studios (Lilo and Stitch was the middle feature).
My 2 year old loves this movie!
I bought this one for my niece.
This being a comedy, of course, most of the differences are made up by the time the credts roll--although the film does leave a few loose ends, particularly in relationship to Chris' son and the group's visit to Hollywood.  
It's very graphic with violence and there is a touch of sex, do watch the age appropriateness.  
In the original story, Pinocchio is a bad kid from the very beginning.
*Last week (today is 7/1/13), at the annuual Disney Products Christmas Preview in NYC, it was confirmed that the release date for The Little Mermaid Blu-Ray will be 10/1/13.******************LAST UPDATE **********LAST UPDATE**************Today I received a 'advance' copy to view.
It is action packed, a common thread runs through it
I was sad to see that Disney sold through them so quickly and the EB was left to buy from people who gouge for it.  
This movie is just as amazing as I remember from its original release.  
It's good for toddlers up to adults.
Max is devoted to so many activities and clubs around Rushmore Academy that he finds himself on the verge of expulsion from failing grades, Ms. Cross is still grieving her husband who only passed a year ago, and Mr. Blume is one of the richest guys around, finds himself in a failing marriage, doesn't know how to act around people, and has a drinking problem.
They come only at night when the mist arises and their dead simply vanish.
Without wolves to cull the deer, those lovable forest rats (which is what deer really are) would consume so much vegetation that little would be left to get them through the Winter.
Makes agreat Birthday or christmas gift for all the Tangled fans out there.
I have to say, though, for a five year old, Mary comes off as more of a trained seal than a child.  
I got the mother .
I can't believe (especially with all the catalog titles Disney has FINALLY decided to release this year) that the Honey trilogy is still relegated to garbage fullscreen dvds.  
but this is not what I was expecting...
However, it's not enough they want to match Van Doren against Stempel.
We also don't get the fun of Princess Mia undergoing a makeover.
He has Woody, Buzz, Rex, Slink and others...now he can have the "bad guy" to create scenarios with!  
The baseball match is one of the greatest moments in kids movies I ever saw.
This is the best cartoon series the Disney company ever did.
He seems to get into a lot of trouble by accident.  
This is a great watch.
Just as good as the others.  
Got it at a great price.
So I won't even try to summarize the story.
Now they are all on the "same page" , so to speak.5.
The movie of course looks spectacular and the intermission animations are awesome!
I recommend this movie to anyone that is a KeenenIvory Wayans fan, that action pack movie also includesJada Pinkett whom is a good actress in this youngerrole of her in this.
The material is really original.
In the pilot episode, "Plunder and Lightening", we are introduced to Kit Cloudkicker, who was a part of Karnage's pirate gang.
Bust most of all you will fall in love with monsters.
Well, I did purchased this car thinking that it was bigger.
Out of all the Disney princesses, Belle is the one I identify with the most while Cinderella may come as a close second.
They both love the doll.  
There are only 2 religious songs if you're concerned about that.
my little boy absolutely adores it.
Arrived quickly and in new condition as stated my kids loved it and whom am I kidding my wife and I loved it as well.
The Peter Pan Story2013 DVD & Blu-ray Bonus Features* Intro by Diane Disney Miller* Tinker Bell: A Fairy's TaleAlso, the superb soundtrack album is available on DVD, there's a new "Songs & Story" version and a new edition of Disney's "Lost Chords" series (with digital booklet by Disney artist/historian Russell Schroeder) available for download, in which several deleted songs are presented in their original demos and in new stereo versions.
I already own the Little Mermaid on DVD so the 3D version was the enticement I needed to buy it on blue ray.
My grandaughter never even knew that was in the movie until she was older (she probably wouldn't have understood, but I personally thought it was sad, even though death is a part of life).  
She was ecstatic when they arrived and has been playing with them ever since.
Also, a big kudos to the characters in this film.
I purchased this set because even as an adult, I thoroughly enjoyed these movies just as much as my kids and grand-kids do.
I've watched this movie a hundred times, and I always find something new that interests me.
will probably last a long time.
BUT...if they are all the things you like in a movie, PLUS enough action to make your heart think you're running a marathon, and bloodshed not seen since "The 300", you will be counting the number of times you've watched this title and maybe - just maybe - you will beat my record (going on 15 this afternoon).
Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
I am very happy with my purchase of this movie.
I went online and found this and it's perfect.
However, the fleece is guarded by a Sleepless Dragon.  
With the way Disney handles their video releases with taking them off the market after awhile, I'd get your hands on these as soon as you can if you want them.
The love triangle between Max Fischer (Schwartzman), Herman Blume (Murray), and Rosemary Cross (Olivia Williams) is one of the things that makes Rushmore so good.
My wife and I loved this movie as well as the grandkids.
That said, I was nervous when she REALLY wanted this set at our local Disney store in the mall (BTW, it costs about $12 there).  
Was great fun for the whole family loved watching.
This is a much watch movie!
Mike and Sully ROCK together.
In "The Disney Films", animator Ward Kimball is quoted as saying the film failed because there were too many directors.  
I was very pleased to find it and at a very good price.
One particularly impressive thing is that they managed to make the animals look like real animals and yet give expression to the (in reality) mask-like faces of the animals--and all without it looking anything but natural.  
This one is bad and possible hazard for the safety of the little one.
Maybe for an adult or collector they'd be fine, but for a kids toy they are very badly designed.
The main bit of trivia about this movie is with Pecos Bill.
This seems like a collector set.
Sing - Along Track3.
The visuals are fun and colorful.
the music is fun too!
It's a thoroughly satisfying DVD, though I can't offer a comparison to other versions that have been released.
I am very happy!
Came as promised in great condition.
I really enjoyed watching this movie on Blu-ray.
I recommend putting the sub-titles on so that you don't miss any of the humor..............lol  Would recommend this to anyone...........
SPOILERS FOLLOWThere are many, many things to love about Walt Disney's 1940 animated film "Pinocchio."  
Both films also have Buddy Ebsen as Crockett's friend.  
For lovers of James Bond-esque adventures with plenty of action, dangerous missions, enough humor to elevate teeth-clenching torture scenes, and lots of wonderful aliases, the show is a good bet.
Needless to say, this is a wonderful lossless high resolution soundtrack.
Pacino gives what is truly an Oscar worthy performance.
Now it looks like I might have to re-buy this movie.  
"The Last Flight of Noah's Ark" is a film loved by many Disney fans and not so praiseworthy to others.
It comes with all the main characters including Doc McStuffins, Doc's brother Donnie, Lambie the Lamb, Stuffy the Dragon, Hallie the Hippo, and Chilly the Snowman.  
We ordered these for our 2 year old, who loves to line up figures, move them, line them up again, etc.  
Though not as happy as the FIRST one ended!
The public believed everything they saw, but not everything they saw was real.
However, this one has a very strange smell to her hair.
This is just a little set of figures, but my granddaughter lives and breathes Phineas and Ferb, so I ordered the set.  
A great kid's movie and also entertaining for grown-ups.
I'm happy I bought it
Who doesn't want to see Captain Hook chased by a fat crocodile with a clock in his stomach that has been ticking away for years?  
We have returned to the fully shaded, detailed art work, and only the insufferable Gaston is angular in style.
The music is beautiful and enchanting.
What a great ride, great characters, great action scenes and a satisfying ending.  
There's a great deal of detail and sharpness gained over the old DVD of the film.
With Jack saved they face another problem.
Definitely a choking hazard for little ones!  
We just love the animation and the way in which the story is told, it makes you wish Neverland was real and we could all be kids and play forever.
It remains a go to movie when the kids come over and one that the adults enjoy, too.
How can you grow up with Disney, as I have, and not love Peter Pan.
Now what seems to be an simple little thing turns out to be one hell of a mess, the clock is ticking.
This is ANOTHER of our most TERRIFIC purchases via Amazon.com for our little princess lovers & tough LITTLE GUYS TOO!!!
How would you not LOVE Cars??  
The animation is great (when it's by TMS, though Wang did churn out a few good-looking episodes), the soundtrack & voices are excellent (this has my favorite voice cast of any Disney show except for Gummi Bears & Gargoyles) and some there are some really good stories here & there that totally make it worth my while.  
It's "Oliver Twist, Or The Parish Boy's Progress" for kids.
when it came it i gave as a gift and we all sat down to watch this family fun classic of Alice in Wonderland as she goes through her adventure.
The movie is still well worth watching and it is a good story.  
I think this is the best thing since sliced bread.
We live in Washington state and it's warm enough for him.
In my list of Disney/Pixar films I put Nemo near the middle of the lists at number 6.The last of the Pixar films to come to blu ray.  Let us wait & see how many times in the next few years they re-release it.
the only negative is how large McQueen is once on the bed mostly just his face is visible, not the full car which is the only reason I didn't rate a 5 star.
He is 10 now.
Despite these issues, Jasmine is still a favorite in our house.
The interviews with the cast of the Broadway version are also really interesting.  
Our grandson became a Cars fanatic shortly before his 4th birthday, and we've been collecting them ever since.  
This is a very beautiful version of Merida.
You get the picture - obsessed!So as soon as this arrived she insisted on watching it because we haven't seen THIS Little Mermaid before!
rating strictly on 3d effects ...
So... use discernment about watching this one.
The movie kind of loses me starting with Mike & Sully's banishment, all the way through the end of this scene.  
Love these little hanging fairies!!  
Seller shipped promptly, great quality, great price.
The contrast of cutesy squirrels with nuts in their mouths and Denahi's quest to kill Kanai is jarring and weird.
Her eyes lit up when she saw she had the real thing.
but I think Jada Pinkett was the star of this movie.
These are awesome shoes.
I understand that Wes Anderson's style turns some people off, but if you can get into it, I think this is his best work, after he learned how to make a movie, but before he became too full of himself.
I love the Muppets and really enjoyed them with my daughters in the 80's.  
I highly recommend this product.
Pirate and pillaging what else could you ask for?
Great paced with plenty of action, comedy and even a little romance.  
There are no weaknesses in this movie: The songs are the best in any Disney film (and who'dve thunk, considering the two most important songs are sung by Angela Lansbury and Jerry Orbach....), the voice acting is great, the animation is astonishing (especially for its time).  
Julie Andrews is her typical wonderful self!
And I mean the original 1951 animated version.
Bambi was made when Disney best demonstrated character emotion.
The crown comes off easily, which can be a pain in the neck to put on and off.
Gargoyles Season 2 Vol.
A good variety and some part interchangeable so that's nice.  
The colors are perfect, but the film itself is also pristine.
so my revenge will be you stuck behind the TV watching this AGAIN, for the umpteenth time.
And so this story comes to a, somewhat, happy ending...
How do I know there were seven?
The film gives mixed portrayals of both the white men and the Eskimos - something unusual in films about the Arctic.  
We had these on on VHS and he kept wanting to watch them again.
It has a hole to hang it up and a suction cup.
It is a great way to get them started in the Xmas mood with Mickey and friends.
The animators are justifiably proud of the work they did in designing the workshop including the dozens of cuckoo clocks and music boxes.
This was an awesome doll I bought it for the kids, I went to Walt Disney world this was $50, I bought this online for a lot cheaper, the only bad thing was the kids wanted it then, right now...so I two day expressed it, when we got back from Disney it was already waiting for us...
Sound is also excellent.
I put this on my kindle to entertain my grandsons on a recent trip where they (ages 2 and 3) were required to  be kind of quiet for a period of time and this surely helped.  
Well, what better thing to get a Disney lover than some plush toys that will last practically forever, even if little Zack grows out of it, there will be more kids coming...(I think) that can love this guy too.  
TV Spot #3f.
Thanks again Amazon!
I like the fact that it's combo pack because my daughter has a DVD player, not a Blu-ray in her room.
My kids and I really enjoyed it.
This time I ordered from CV Trading Corp and received a terrible quality version not even made by Disney - it was made by Just Play which makes junk.  
What a disappointment, it's otherwise really cute and the pockets are fun.  
The story, the characters, and all those great songs.
The movie consists of seven shorts.
Love his shifty eyebrows, and he really does smell like strawberries.
There's a stream with birds, which is actually more wake-up music than go to sleep music.  
A must have for young viewers or adult fans.
We bought it and curled up with our daughter on Christmas morning and watched this with her.
Bambi discovers life and love and growing up becomes the spitting image of his father.  
Sure there's cheap recycled material when the princesses introduce their stories and stuffed with 90's episodes stolen from their old cartoons, and throw in a few "visual novels (which I actually enjoyed)" but its actually alright.
It looks like a modern film, but it still has the charms of a classic.
There are many held cels, pausing for emotional effect much like anime, and the environmental theme has had decade-long ramifications.
Everyone should get a Walt Disney moivie collection from Amazon.
They are the perfect size for it but they are all standing on a plastic circle that makes it really hard for my kids to use them in their ships.  
it slides up and down the seat but overall it is an okay product, for emergency use when there's no seat cover at use
THIS IS AN AWESOME MOVIE FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY TO ENJOY TOGETHER THE PACKAGING AND THE CONDITION OF THE DISCS WAS PRETTY CLOSE AS DESCRIBED
Finding Nemo is such a great movie and in 3D it is absolutely stunning.  
I love the way PIXAR makes movies about personal passions.
I was able to purchase this doll on sale at a Disney Store for $10 - the normal retail price is $14.50.Keep in mind she is a vinyl doll in a polyester dress and made for children's play.  
The Mattel ones did fall apart relatively quickly and the hair were hard to brush and looked really messy really fast.
The Norse legends are full of what we consider mythological beings, but elves, trolls, and such could have a basis in fact, according to some sources.  
This is one movie I'll  keep coming back to.
A GREAT choice for BOYS & GIRLS!
The one I purchased was the 2-disc "Diamond Edition" which is really just Disney's fancy way of saying "combo pack."
Now we get to the bad stuff.
I thought this would be an actual monthly calendar from Jan-Dec but you fill it out starting with the birth month and ending with the 1st birthday.  
My granddaughter and I watch it together and we just howl!  
This is one of my all time Disney favorites, and true to Disney entertainment form, the whole family can enjoy this movie.  
The image is flawless, the colors are stunning, and the sound is superb.  
My daughter enjoys playing the game.
I absolutely love this movie and was happy to see it on amazon for a reasonable price!
No one can entrance kids like Disney.
Mater calls Lightning, "my best friend," but Lightning never reciprocates.
great movie,Johnny Depp is outstanding as always in this movie, these movies were definitely written for him, I now have all four again,they were among the ones stolen from my collection.
The volume and background music is erractic and intrusive.  
Many of the new cartoons come from Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas, Winnie the Pooh and one from Belle's Enchanted Christmas.
These deluxe boxed sets are definitely a must have for collector's, the packaging alone is a selling point!!!!!!!!!!
Simplistic in writing and acting?
I would recommend it to anybody with kids/grandkids.
My kids used to watch this when they were young, now my Granddaughter can enjoy it.
Whether or not you have kids you should get this movie simply because of the vault.
And, who doesn't love Tom Selleck?
Another special Disney movie that is a classic to add to my collection of Blu-ray Disney movies I truly enjoy.
My grandson loved it.
Not fantastic, but not bad.  
My biggest problem with the film is the same thing I love most about the film; Gore Verbinski's directing style.
who needs a child in the house to enjoy a good cartoon.
very enjoyable it had no problem keeping my attention like some movies do ...
I'm pretty sure there's other seasons, too.
I also find it rathergood even to watch around children.
An adult Bambi falls in love with Faline who is a female deer and has to fight for her against a male deer.
Top-notch casting (James Coburn, Steve Buscemi, and a host of other top-of-the-B-listers join Crystal and Goodman), Pixar's trademark cutting-edge animation, and one of the best scripts in years make this not only another bullet in Pixar's belt, but the best one yet.
The blu-ray transfer is as crisp and colorful as it most likely can get.
So Will Turner (Orlando Bloom) and Elizabeth Swann (Keira Knightly) reluctantly team up with a shockingly alive Captain Barbossa (Geoffrey Rush) to free him.
I, on the other hand, see flaws in the detail.
I couldn't get over the neon and the reflections in the metallic paint and chrome.  
This waffle maker is too cool.
I can't recall another film that has garnered THREE Best Song nominations, and again IMO, "Part of Your World" should have won.  
She is crazy about Mickey Mouse!  
a timely fun classic by walt disney.
Little Mermaid was always a favorite as a kid, and a must buy for any Disney collection for adults or children.
This movie did not disappoint me.
Despite life's tragedies, we can keep on doing for ourselves and others.  
I love movies that I can watch over and over and not get bored with.
My son absolutely loves this woody doll he was Christmas best gift.
The movements of each character are absolutely outstanding.
For us, it was a hit.
My son was absolutely obsessed with Oso so I had to get him this
At times too melodramatic with contrived crises.  
The screw that was holding the body to the wheels came undone, I tried to screw it back on and it is such a small screw and area to screw into that it just plainly won't work.
It showcased a hard working scientist who was never appreciated until the King Pin came and gave him funding.
I loved his reaction when he saw this.
These poor toys have had to go sailing with Jake and Bucky on a regular basis to fight Captain Hook, they get crammed in purses, they get buried in piles of other toys and then get thrown all over the house.
It brings old piece children's literature to life with such panache.  
I thought some of the characters were pretty adorable, but then again, I'm a heck of a lot older than my daughter.
Right out of the box on Christmas day this product made great waffles and has been making waffles at least once a weekend.  
Take Stromboli, for example: despite appearing in only two scenes, he carves himself a special place among Disney's most evil and threatening villains.
My 3.5 year old son loves Doc McStuffins and wanted this.
There are more interesting facts in this two disc DVD set.
Most of the toddler bedding I've looked at seems to be very low quality, so I was very impressed when I got this set.
Digital copy is already on my laptop.
I really like the hanging hook option...very handy for drying and storing.
The only hard part is to find that Deluxe doll as they made so few of them and Disney sold them out so fast.
l think it is a great family movie
We love both the 1st and 2nd installment of monsters, inc.Highly recommend to have in your streaming amazon prime account.
She's not a particularly huggable doll, but my 2 year old adores her none the less.
but alas, they had vastly differing consequence for the two Davys.
It is fairly easy for her to play, and she has fun.
The final battle.  
This movie was funny.
Besides an empowering, universal message, this film also has some great music.
The episodes on Volume Two are:Disc 1Rescue Rangers to the Rescue Part OneRescue Rangers to the Rescue Part TwoRescue Rangers to the Rescue Part ThreeRescue Rangers to the Rescue Part FourRescue Rangers to the Rescue Part FiveA Creep
My only "complaint" is that reading the card using the red heart gem can be kind of tricky, especially if you are playing in low light.  
My 8-year-old son, who likes Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, found this movie to be slightly scary.  
This has already been washed twice and still looks new, she wears it nearly everyday.
We got this for my daughters second birthday.
Not only is it fun to watch but also teaches a lesson in life.
This "Alice ..." was made well before digital animation existed, so every image is hand-drawn, hand-painted, and individually photographed.  
AGAIN ANOTHER CARTOON, LOVED IT.  
Thanks, Bill Knaps
This is easily one of the best cars from the diecast pixar 1:55 line.  
My daughter likes it a lot, but time will tell how long she plays with it.
I struggled with the star rating because it wasn't a hit with my girls, but I do think that it would be fun for 4 and 5 year olds, as long as an adult was playing with them to guide them through it.
He is not as cuddly or soft as the other Disney dolls.  
One of my favorite cartoons growing up.
He says so many phrases and is very durable!  
As an example of the art form of animation, Pinocchio is unsurpassed.
"Be Good or Else!"
His brothers come to his aid and his oldest brother is killed.
The comic is amazing.
Great toy for a Christmas present for my daughter; she plays with this doll all the time!
Yet another Disney Classic finally available on Blu-ray.
Can't really rate between "I don't like it" and "it's okay."
Make some popcorn sit the family down and get lost in Wonderland.
We sent this to our 4-year-old grandson, and he loves it.  
Even today, some sixty years after its theatrical release, Peter Pan remains a magnificent animated film, as truly timeless as any Disney classic that came before it or come since.
I found myself laughing at the intelligence of the fish, and their wit and problem-solving abilities.
And why do Blu Ray discs take FIVE MINUTES to start.
The musical score coupled with the subtlety of genius and talent are what we take away from this movie.  
and I know my daughter will love it just keep your expectations a little lower and remember what price your paying for it.
I can even watch it as an adult and love it just as much!
Personally I think Disney should NOT have made "Bambi II" but should instead have done a 12-minute short based on what they were going to put in this first film, and had that be a "bonus feature" on the DVD.  
Disc 2 starts With Disney After Dark which takes us through the park at night with all it's nighttime magic.
Disney blu rays/DVDs never get cheap, and Disney's terrible for limiting the duration of a movie's release on a home video format.  
all in all another great classic from Disney and as far as I know there should be only 3 diamond editions left with spring being jungle book and all that's left should be Aladdin and 101 dalmations.
The clash of the Neolithic people, i.e. the Eaters of the Dead, here, and the new comers actually happened much earlier, during the Kurgan invasions of Europe but the Wend in the book and movie are much more primitive and almost neanderthal rather than neolithic...still, it is not beyond the realm of belief that pockets of cro magnon or neanderthal might have existed still and lasted in legend.  
Tim Burton's effort was spectacular but nothing beats this Disney classic, especially for the little ones.  
It didn't sing the whole verse.
It's well worth the money, this movie is great, very entertaining!  
In addition to some unexpected tedium, the plot was disjointed, and never really built on itself or went anywhere.  
I am so glad they remade all the first Disney movies as they were discolored and ugly.
Very cute, colorful and detailed though.
what, so I'm not going to pay big bucks to find metal ones.  
I know with today's cultural climate of greater awareness of performance enhancing drugs and doping in collegiate and professional sports, this comedy can't really be called timeless but, it was fun to watch as the third and final installment in the saga of young Dexter Riley, boy genius. :-)
Have been searching for something like this!  
It taked way too much room.
I love Disney movies.
this movie has a really good story baselinelot of action packed scenes and was filmed in a great location if you want action movie has it
I bought this for my son after he out grew his infant tub, which didn't take long!
It's a lovely story, and worth watching over and over to catch further nuances.
This should have been climax of the entire series but Verbinski blew it by going the comedy route at exactly the wrong time.
A favorite movie.
"Little Wooden Head," "Give a Little Whistle," and "I've Got No Strings" are also all great songs.  
These cartoons are timeless.
I am a big disney fan and I was so happy to get this movie.
Or maybe I just didn't have my lunch yet.
I've been watching all of the Pixar films in order and up until Cars each film was better than the last one.
Goliath becomes possessed by horrific hauntings, and the group discovers two souls that had died centuries before still haunt the place and have a bone to pick with the gargoyles.  
I show this to my class after we read the Anne Frank play.  
The animation is first rate, and true Disney followers all know the extent animators went in the day to portray true feelings of live animals in this picture.
Well it was OK or perhaps I wasn't in the mood to watch it.
However, In the corporate World the mentally is to get you to buy this version and then later on down the road they'll come out with a statement like...Newly found footage and now for the first time ever the complete newly restored version of Pinocchio.
Was worth the price(say that cause that's what all these dolls cost)
I rented this movie 'cause I had my nieces over for a weekend.
2) His phrases are clear and loud enough to be enjoyed.  
Young and old alike will enjoy the movie, despite it being more tailored toward children.
Definitely worth a watch, especially because I think the sequel, Monsters University, is, surprisingly enough, even better!
This item is a nice size for the twins clothes.
The detail is immaculate and the quality of the clothing is great, especially for the price.  
So long VHS tapes!  
It is a delight to watch from start to finish.  
My Granddaughter just loves her and takes her everywhere she goes.
The last 20 minutes.
But not my toy, it's his and if he likes Mickey, well then more power to him, he now has a Mickey to play with, along with Pluto, Donald, and Goofy to go on little imaginary adventures!  
It takes a classic tale and makes it relatable to a large group of people, of all ages.
The problem is that there isnt anything really special here, and the film doesnt try to do anything but repeat the tried and true formula of giving the teacher a backbone and heart that others didnt have and so the film winds up feeling very generic.  
This was a great gift for my  granddaughter for Christmas and she really loved it.
In comparison to a lot of Disney's classic animated films this one just seems to be lost in the their shadows.
I remember watching this as a kid.
We have received the movie and it was in excellent condition.  
And most of the originals have better clothes as well.
Despite that, or maybe because of that, this movie is pure Disney adventure fun.
At the heart of the film however, is the cast of characters.
this movie has memorable songs like (under the sea) and (part of your world).  
Just the dress part is like amazing!The face comes in gorgoeous painted on make up wiht amazing eye shadows.
Our story teller is a cricket named Jimminy.  
I love this movie!
My kids also found it frustrating that some of the figures move and some don't.  
And even though I love the way the waffles looked, I don't like how thick and wimpy they are.  
Compared to Cinderella and other movies; this movie doesn't have anything remastered.
But still disny movie are great.
Eloise here is a bit more grown-up in the sense that she truly tries to do something for others out of generosity, kindness, and compassion.
Besides Ariel the one they like the best is Ursula.  
The bedspread is somewhat thin, so I bought the matching fleece blanket to go with it.  
This one follows the story, but unlike the normal story where the giant is a victim of circumstance as I see it now as an adult, the giant is like a legitimate bad guy that took the prosperity of the land by taking the harp that gives the land it's beauty, and Micky and the gang aim to return prosperity to the land even if it is for personal gain.
Very Sebastian Cabot.
She loves the movie Brave and this has given her hours of fun changing Queen Elinor into the big bear and back again.
She likes to carry the the dvds with her and take them along when she goes to her other grandma's house.  
However, these are details that it would appear only moms care about.  
But, overall, I am very disappointed and should have spent $20 more and gotten a nicer nap mat that will last.
good job Disney.audio:also very good.
Back to the Beginningg.
He plays with it all time!
My kids loved it even though I think they are still scared of the closet.
This is definitely a keeper!
The shoes are great.  
Goliath is the greatest and most honorable of the gargoyles and you can see why he is the leader.  
I would watch this anytime which is why I purchased it.
It is definitely  a must watch film.
What gives?!
Also true, two figurines separated (Donald and Goofy), but not into pieces I would worry about a child swallowing.  
If you stopped the film without finishing it, it will ask you if you want to stop where you left off or at beginning.
Loved how they explained how Tarzan could speak all different languages easily.
If the other discs are exactly the same as the previous release then you may as well get this because it is a top-notch release, but if you already have the original Diamond Edition don't bother with this unless you're set up with 3D and don't mind to double-dip for a 2D animated movie, which I'm sure makes up about 0.000005% of the entire globe's population.
I was thrilled and enthralled when I first saw Davy Crockett as a young boy.
Holly is an important part of the Cars story and if you collect, she is an essential character.
Love her, hate her, but any way you cut it Ellen DeGeneres turns in a brilliant performance as Dory, the memory challenged companion of Nemo.  
ONLY THING TO DO WAS TO ORDER THE PLUSH BUZZ
The Old Mill: Animated Short (1937)9) Original Theatrical Trailer (1942)IndexVHS FEATURESPreviews1) Hercules2)
They are not like the metal dye cast planes you can get for dirt cheap that last forever.
The girl has no ambition, no drive, and no big ideas beyond collecting ocean floor bling and marrying a Man---not a mer-man, a Man, with legs.  
PUDIERON HACER UN BUEN TRABAJO COMO: CINDIRELLA Y LA BELLA DURMIENTE , LA VERDAD ESTAN MEJORES QUE ESTE BLU-RAY, Y AHORA ESTAN COMETIENDO EL MISMO ERROR CON LA SIRENITA , SI TIENES ESTE BLU-RAY MIREN EL TRAILER Y VERAN QUE
Besides having some very rarely seen vintage footage, it also showcases just how sharp a promotional wizard Walt Disney was.
I wish the fabric was a little higher quality but she doesnt mind at all.
Makes me feel like a little girl again :-)
It is true to Disney idiom without losing sense of the original.
Being bad is a lot of fun, ain't it?"
In other words, they're for us adults in throws of life's drama.
This movie is a personall favorite and I give as a  gift to people during the holidays it birthdays to whome ever doesn't have it.
but once I put this I, she's been loving the water.
It has the hair straightener, blow dryer, curling iron, etc.
when she finds Nemo.
The ending makes me cry like a baby every time.
there is another piece that you have to play with and add a fabric of some sort and then you got finally a long and huge wrap!
Overall this is a really fun princess game and I would recommend it to a friend with a little girl.
Thank you very much for sending this movie out so quickly.
My sister and hubby and I were working on a Peter Pan themed "Neverland" mural on our play wall and we needed an aerial image of the island to work off of.  
Now all three of my kids, ages 16, 12 and 9 all watch this movie over and over and they laugh as they repeat the lines of the characters.
Same main cast and characters.
This movie is adorable and is all about discovering your true self, not just the one you show to the world.
90's cartoons were the best cartoons.
Even though this movie is not one of my top personal favorites, I do see why a lot of people love it.
All in the Golden Afternoon Song Sing - Along*
This movie is just plain great.  
Happy that it's now on Blu-ray and able to enjoy with a clear HD picture & sound.
The quality is great and hasn't ripped or poked in hole in it either.
Well worth the watch.
My child's words:
When shiny Lightning McQueen takes a detour from the highway to Route 66 he learns that speed isn't everything.
It's not worth the money that you have to spend.
What little appeal there is, is in being able to decorate the tiara and other accessories with the gems.
Something about Peter Pan sparks imagination in EVERYONE, regardless of age.
And this one left me with a song and a quote I share with some of my more intelligent friends!
Price have gone up a little due to be out of print, (A practice by Disney's deceptive marketing strategies to keep their prices high).
Her arms and legs bend strangely (at the wrists and ankles too) and she comes with shoes which of course, Rapunzel NEVER wears in the actual movie and they are the smallest shoes in the world and we constantly lose them and I am sent on a wild goose chase trying to find said shoes.  
The film looked fantastic!  
The colors are more vivid either on blu-ray or DVD.
Tarzan had me dancing and singing, crying and laughing.
It was a box office failure and I can kind of understand why -- though Banderas is well known, most of his costars are not and there is a quality to the production that hints at its limited budget.
This movie would need adult supervision if little children watched.  
The only way Kenai can become human again is if he goes to the mountain where the spirits touch the earth.
It doesn't have a drain so you have to either scoop out the water until it is light enough to dump out or just dump it if you are able to.
The cast alone, makes this brilliant film impossible not to finish.
The events of the semester is leading up to an unforgettable Halloween with the Recess crew.
This is really nice and big, so it definitely protects heads from bumping into the spout.  
my daughter thought this was "awesome" and snuggles with it every night
This is a great movie about a deer family.  
she loved this movie as a kid and the blu-ruy copy looks great
I have to admit I watched it also.
Can't wait for part two!
Wayman truly stole the show.
I thought it was a play set and cute for my grandson but I later learned it is more of a cake topper with a big plastic piece on the bottom to anchor on a cake.
Of course I rode horses as a kid and love anything to do with horsemanship and happy endings :)
I laughed and cried, it was a very enjoyable hour and a half, there were even 'outtakes' at the end.
I love finding movies that my children grew up on and now I can pass it on to my grandchildren on DVD or Blue Ray....
His laser effects are loud and the light on that arm shines a bright red.  
Had to get the wizard for my collection,have old dolls from original Oz movie and he adds the perfect touch with the China Girl too!
The studio is still unwilling to admit to a butchered version of "Peter Pan" that is inferior to all other stage and film treatments.
Well written with great animation.
Cute and funny!
Then you get into to the story and it's really good, and the characters are fun.
It lookedlike it had been sitting in a warehouse for years, very upsetting.
I was looking for this doll for a while for my almost 3 year old daughter.
I told him he needed to watch this movie.
Entertaining nonetheless and there are some good "truths" in this movie.  
Some may appreciate the lack of focus and the dreamlike quality, which I can fully understand.
Baby and Me...
One angler fish featured in the story can best be described as both helpful and as a potential hindrance.
so i was worriedbut he loved it
We received this video in record time, it was sealed & just as promised and I paid one third what everybody else wants for this movie.  
It must have been a challenge to portray such a well-known face and he did a very good job.
I watched this in 3D with my kids and it brought on a whole new sense of adventure.
I like that it's inflatable, so my son can wear it as long as he wants, and then when it's time to take off, I can just deflate it, fold it up, and put it in my purse.
i like the material quality but the way it's made - not so much, so very neat.
I simply adore it!Finally on blu-ray/dvd.  
My nieces and nephew loved this movie.  
This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen and amazed it was nominated for best picture.
Can't wait to see him all dressed up on the big day!
Perfect for my daugher's first birthday.  
It must have been a joke.
I can proudly state that I know all the lines to this movie and all the lyrics to the songs.  
Maybe the best thing to do is leave it be and except it for what it is, a beautifully acted B movie with a very likable cast, including Omar Sharif.
She collects trinkets from the outside world, and becomes infatuated with a prince named Eric when she saves him from a brutal storm at sea.
The story is influential, and even controversial.
My girlfriend and I both like this movie, and we're both in our late 20's, lol.
And then there's the "Be Our Guest" which is just a great number because of the amount of life and fun that's put into the song.
It was just as pictured and he had a blast wearing this along with tthe inflatable wings and helmet that we purchsed separately.
It definitely has it's moments, though.
That being said, the visual effects are great, and Johnny Depp is hilarious as usual.
Everybody knows that The Little Mermaid is classic Disney, so I'll skip the movie review for now.
Hitchhiker's Guide as a standalone work gets a good 4 star review from me.
My toddler loves it and adults can watch it as well as it is humorous and has an engaging story.
i see why...steady rotation on my kids dvd player..
We get a music video for "Part of Your World" performed by Carly Rae Jespin.
Ahmed ibn Fadlan (Antonio Banderas) is banished and sent north as an Ambassador and when the caravan he is in is attacked by raiders they are saved by the appearance of Vikings.  
Lives up to expectations
Like the fact that they go through popular Christmas songs that kids should know, and that the words are displayed at the bottom of the screen in a sing-a-long so they can follow along.
This calendar was perfect for jotting down little milestones, important "firsts," life events, and just memories in general.  
In order to save Jack from Davy Jones' locker, the crew of the Pearl travels to the ends of the Earth and beyond.
Good film, funny with a heart.  
It's about sticking to your guns and believing in yourself, and about the relationship kids and parents can have too.
I am very surprised to see this scene in a Disney film.  
I highly recommend it.
Monsters use manufactured doors as windows to the human world and scare children which give the monsters their energy.  
One blow dryer fritzed unless it was held perfectly straight.
Will not buy again
to save the day the girls daddies get there i n the nick of time.  
Except for the voice which is not close to Tom Hanks its a great toy.
Oh my goodness, my stomach still hurts from laughing sooooo much.  
Was a great price also, as it's mostly only found on blue-ray that's way to expensive.
Now, my son is very rough on all of his toys and he breaks just about every one of them.
I got this DVD for my Grandson, for Christmas.  
The villains were not that interesting either.  
Older film, but sweet and of course rated G.  
But this 1st set is good too.
Now, on to the special features:On Disc 1, you won't find any games to play, except a trivia game called, "Pinocchio's Matter of Facts."
My kids (5 and 7) both had only seen part of the movie on a dim-looking laserdisc (yes, I'm one of the few who still has a working laserdisc player in my home) - and this presentation really got their attention.
I would highly recommend it.very funny and we do not have any kids yet.:-)
Jiminy Cricket is also a fun sidekick character.
Pulled over, he faces the town judge, "Doc" Hudson (voiced by Paul Newman, a lifelong racer himself).
This movie is a lot of fun!
She had worn out the VHS copy and has to watch this semi-regularly.
another outstanding of the meaning of true love conquers all!
While the accessories of this game is a bit cheap looking with the plastic tiara, rings, bracelets and gems, my niece and her little friends were all over the game as they just wanted to put on the tiara and be a princess.
I got the Three-Disc Collector's Edition, which is a very nice set.
The musicians get more outrageous in their zeal for the money and things end up going crazy.
This is the one for you
We put them away and may bring them back out when my 2 year old is a bit bigger.
it seems pretty sturdy.
It reminds me of the little pillows that the airlines used to provide for passengers in flights.
Adding to our Halloweentown movies.
Kris Deering's ignorant review for "Home Theater" not only describes this edition as being sourced from a print (!!!), but calls the animation style "dated".
Michael Rennie is fabulous as usual and what a delight.
Casey Bats Again2)
My grandson loves this movie and the plush toy Nemo to go with it.
I really like this plush, it's well made, my son loved it.  
One for the kids and one for the adults.  
The swamp fox is good, but not so very historically accurate and while entertaining and even pretty good you'll buy it for Elfego Baca
3. Left Eye / Right Eye Parity.
Well, little does he know, the Vet hears him say that, & before he knows it, he brings a Great Dane puppy to be wet nursed by the mother Dachshund.
It came in in really good condition.
Another family present, this DVD was on my niece's birthday list.
Um ok... later...
Peter Pan is a great movie.
This movie is filled with great scenes, great characters, and great music!
The Blu-ray seems to have a few new features, but most of it was imported from the last edition and does not reappear on the new DVD.There was also a 168-minute "visual commentary" on the earlier edition that has been reconfigured on the Blu-ray into a "Cine-Explore" that now runs the 100-minute length of the film.
Be prepared to laugh yourself silly.
This scene, while overblown, was at least not as stupid as the water wheel scene in the last movie, or the Morris dancing, er, fighting.
Is it just me and my set-up?  
My kids were a bit hesitant to watch a movie of monsters, they believed it could be like those horror movies daddy watch from time to time :)
Anyhow, I was able to snag her for a decent price and I was very happy when it was delivered earlier than expected and in perfect condition.
A dream sequence for anybody that's been intoxicated by highway driving at night:  the quiet, sleepy feeling, the low rumbles of the wheels, all those lights going by.  
Nevertheless, it's a great film.
My daughter likes to play this one with her friends.
For me, this was a trip down memory lane because my brother and I used to watch them on TV back in the 50's and 60's.  
Colors in the movie are bright, while the darks are perfect, with no sign of artifacts in them.
The "decoder" might work better for younger eyes but my 40+ years can not read the decoder cards (even with good light and readers).  
Classic Disney in the golden years of animation.  
Always carry a towel, and DON'T PANIC!*flies away*
Thank you!!
Even a simple hotel hallway takes on its own personality.
I bought this for my nephews and nieces to watch when visiting.
has the same voice as the tv show and is floppy just like the show.
She actually reminds me of my former neighbor back in California, Lexi, who was every bit as lovable and almost as kooky.
and I would buy again.
This is a good edition to my collection.
I love this movie, and even though it doesn't have all the hi-tech features of the newer animated movies, it is still beautiful, with great songs and story line.
It is considered to be Disney's greatest film for many different reasons, and rightly so.
Gargoyles The Complete First Season (Special 10th Anniversary Edition) Scotland, 994 A.D.
Nobody does high definition restorations like Disney, especially when it comes to their Diamond Editions.  
It is for all ages and it is a movie you can watch over and over again!
The Lion King3.
It is just beautifully done.
This movie is great for all ages, it is witty and the actors havedone a great job.
I have always loved this movie and it makes me smile to know it was based on a true story.
You rebooted Tron after 30 years, couldn't you try to reboot this supposed classic?  
I think Blu-Ray will be my last upgrade I still use my laser disc player and this copy(Blu-ray) in comparisons makes my laser copy look like I watching VHS...this is a MUST own
Las Vegas, as it it were a playground, towering above the downtown and the strip.
And as for Bambi, as the budget started to reach up to over $800,000, it seemed as if the company would not be able to make their next film.  
Just hope that our niece and nephew like them as we bought as Christmas gifts.
Featuring two deleted scenes (featured on the original 2007 DVD) - Winter Grass (:56) and Bambi's First Snow (2:31).
My grandson loves these figures.
The story is fun and somewhat easy for her to follow.
Both are better than the Mattel version.
This is definetly one of Walt Disney's greatest films for a reason!
Hans Christian Anderson did not write this ending, but the Disney writers make up for that altering the story to be more kid friendly and still appeal to entertainment standards.
I love, love, love, this movie...
I like the fact the coat and top are one piece & removable
I do a lot of babysitting in my home and all the kids ask to watch it.  
You can see every handrawn line with crystl clear clarity and can almost feel the layers of animation cells laying on top of each other.  
Was that a hallucination or dream, or something else?
And the price wasnt so bad either :)
The final release of Wave 5 is another  worthy release.
It's not exactly disturbing, but it's funny to see in this day and age, since the movie was made so long ago.
Alternate Score: The Transformation3.
The best part is, if they get tired of one, there's four others they can play with.  
Also, as stated in the listing, it contains several languages including Spanish (which the Aladdin Import Blu Ray does not).The video and audio quality are what you'd expect from a US Disney Blu Ray release, so I won't go into detail other than to say it both are excellent.
Rutt and Tuke run into the bears multiple times, the group hitching a ride on a herd of mammoths to quicken the pace to the salmon run, but the moose are left behind when the bears move on.
Kim Possible: A Sitch In Time is a 2003 Disney direct-to-DVD animated feature film based on the classic Disney Channel original series.
I was feeling down, and this movie really picked me up.  
Pedro and Cleo both have personalities without even saying a word.  
My wife's favorite Disney movie.  
What we have here basically is a layered parody of blue-collar life as the catalyst to deliver an inversed look at the myths all kids can relate with.  
I have been trying to change out all my VHS for DVDS now I have another one to add to the mix
And it has help up fine so far since dec. 15 when he received it, and it is now February 8.  
I think his idea to combine the stories "Alice In Wonderland" and 'Through The Looking Glass" into one film was a perfect idea, and many Disney fans like myself consider it his best film.
The hands are a nightmare.
Needed to replace my previous DVD as it was broken.
Peter Pan and Windy stand up by little platforms, but the platforms fall off a lot, and I think we've since lost them.
Can't speak to the 3D because my kids aren't old enough to watch it yet, so I haven't watched the 3D version.
eloise is mischievous yet very sensitive, lonesome for her mother,, and keeps her grandmother on her toes,, very entertaining, i loved it.
Did Disney do that or did the seller?
BLU RAY COMES OUT IN THE FALL OF 2013!!!!!  
She loves the Tangled movie, and she has been carrying this little guy around ever since!
I normally love anything by Miyazaki.
a lot of the other songs as well....
This led to MGM producer and director Sidney Franklin purchasing the rights to a film version of "Bambi, A Life in the Woods" in 1933 but because he felt it would be too difficult to make it into a live action film, he sold the rights to Walt Disney in
I was hopeing that i would find it as funny now as i did then and was not disappointed.
Overall, this is another great release from Disney, and a solid package for those anticipating The Little Mermaid`s hi-def release on Blu-ray.
plastic is a little fragile, but it will probably last as long as his attention, my grandson just loved it
I need to keep my toddler occupied so I like to have several good movies on hand that he can watch and that the rest of us can also watch without getting too bored.
Slap stick comedy about life and how everyone is searching for something.
In Honey, I Blew Up the Kid(1992), Adam Szalinski is accidentally exposed to Wayne's industrial-sized ray gun.
It was just plain cheesy.
Only intended for 1 "triplet" they all divided it up and have been playing with it since Christmas Day.
It was received along with theLEGO Disney Princess 41050
they need to do a price bundle.
The special features are also noteworthy and the highlight is a 55-minute feature showing interviews with Murray and Anderson on the Charlie Rose Show.
Until this series gets released in its entirety I would recommend avoiding these dvd releases and getting The Spectacular Spider-Man Complete Series blu ray instead.
I am very unhappy with this crappy company.
I would say that the market value of this doll without the tiger is just few dollars whereas the to other is of quality the limited edition dolls like Barbie etc.. the highest of highest.
I have a 2 year old boy and he doesn't even get into it.  
They had those defences against the threat from commerce raiders from first rank navies.
She is going to be turning 2 in May and the only part she didn't really care for was when the beast was yelling at Maurice when he gets lost in the woods.
NO SE VEN DE LO MAS BIEN  Y ESA PELICULA ES DEL 1989 ASI NO HAY EXCUSA, CREO QUE
For true Disneyland historic fans.
(I would add that I never quite liked its "rosy" look at the end of the film - I found the idea somewhat cheap instead of romantic.)More than that, the stage musical included a few very important dialogues which had been deleted from the film but which give a lot of depth to Belle's and the Beast's relationship, e.g. when she realizes and tells him that they are quite similar to one another despite everything because she is an outsider, too; this new edition would have been a good opportunity to implement them, but again, it was missed.
The effects in these movies are amazing and can be quite scarey at times.
Alice and the Doorknob" shows Kathryn Beaumont, the voice of Alice, providing an introduction to newly discovered footage of Alice talking to the doorknob.  
This movie is awsome for kids they would love it and adulats too, I seen it many times and even made me get a aquarium for my home, its a must have specially in Blu-Ray.
The film, like Pinocchio, has a profound moral core yet is a joy to watch.
Walt Disney first thought about adapting Carroll's book into a full-length movie back in 1923 when he was a 21-year-old filmmaker trying to make a name for himself.
Parents and grandparents, this is wholesome, fun entertainment.
The special effects more than make up for the odd storyline in this film, but a fitting last film in the trilogy.  
This movie is on our "Classic" list.
I always wanted to see an episode where Flintheart Glomgold & Magica DeSpell team up as they are my 2 favorite villains in the series, and would have gladly exchanged all the episodes I rated less than B for just that one.  
Even Dorothy Provine wearing go-go boots couldn't liven things up.
The villains, especially the arch villain who wants to capture and cage the apes, are artfully caricatured to make them funny.
If you like it then buy it here.
I thought I was getting all the episodes of both series.  
There's also considerably less action.
That, more than anything else, is something I admire about Studio Ghibli films: no matter what agenda they may or may not be pushing forward, they always have words of wisdom for everyone.
Best bet is to have both copies because you can never have too much Disney Christmas cheer!
Really only one girl in the group?
It was an awesome movie.
this is good for the price my girls were asking for this movie i am happy i purchased this for them
MICKEY AND THE BEANSTALK has in it three of Disney's most popular cartoon characters.
also if you make this purchase for the 3D edition you get the standards that the other versions come with (2D Blu-ray and dvd) also you get for FREE a digital copy which as of this writing costs $20 here on amazon also you get a digital music download which honestly wasn't that great since I still have the original CD release from way back when.
The only thing I wish it had more of was pre-recorded songs.  
Xanatos offers Elisa's brother, Derek Maza, a job as a helicopter pilot.
A classic on its own, this version will surely please anyone in the family.
Another great Pooh dvd that has to do with giving from the heart which many people can learn from these days
Still get it you'll enjoy it.
This one is a dvd type.  
I remember watching this movie with my family when I was a teen loved it then and now!!
Looks exactly like Woody from the movies.  
In the set you get Tiana, Aurora, Ariel, Jasmine, Snow White, Cinderella, and Mulan.
Why not now!)  
I detected no banding, edge enhancement, haloing, combing or compression artifacting.
This is a no-nonsense character study of a man whose conscience dictates a wild leap into the scary unknown.
The surrounds definitely get a workout as well as the bass when Bruce arrives on the scene!
It features nice music, light up gadgets, and shiney things!
I found out after purchasing this car that it was on a different scale than the 1:55 line (it's about 10% bigger), but the kiddo doesn't seem to mind and loves carrying it around.  
Both pieces look good, but are much smaller than you would be led to believe by the marketing pictures.  
Beauty and the Beast is another one of my favorite Disney movies.  
Whoever they got to sing the version on this disc is horrible & the song itself is not so good either.
I do not know why they made Clover's base yellow, they could have made it look like grass, or carpeting, or anything but plain yellow, which really doesn't reflect anything about Sofia The First or Clover.
Fun little toy!
Because one option was to enable on screen notes of facts about the episode, the puppets, the puppeteers, and the guests.
I give this set five stars for its content, not for the set itself.  
it's wonderful to watch over and over again..
I highly recommend this series for either your children, for yourself, or for you to watch with your children.
If you love dachshunds and Great Dane, this is the movie for you.
The Neckless is of much higher quality then the doll that comes without tiger.6.
Great for children and adults alike.  
I still get a buzz when watching these two movies.
Granny is going to get a glue gun and sparkles to add to the tiaras plus a rose for the belle.
All the effort that went into this 77-minute film are now ready in a beautiful print for generations to come!I hope you found this - somewhat lengthy - review both informative and helpful.
Whatever...it shouldn't be so hard.
Have both versions of these and both versions with Glenn Close.
It was an okay doll.  
It also has quite a few themes that can apply to a lot of situations, such as the need to adapt without losing who you are.
If you liked 3 men and a baby you will love this movies.  
I just had to have it for my grand-daughter.  
DVD FEATURESChapter SelectionSet Up1.
This film didn't quite live up to the standard of the original, but still proved fun and lighthearted.  
The first movie worked partly because Anne Hathaway's character and her friends were young, smart, somewhat hip San Franciscans who thought the whole idea of royalty was a bit silly.
They have a shiny and smooth texture, and are completely non-absorbent.  
Complete with the pull string, the hat and just like in the movies.
Both our girls like this toy alot because they fight over it all the time.
this is another area where the real-live Davy's character gets fuzzy.
Fun family show; enjoy watching shows with my son that I watched years ago.
With that being said this film is no exception!
He walks around on ledges without falling off.
Rushmore is Anderson's second movie, coming two years after his debut, Bottle Rocket.
But once when little Nemo and his friends venture out too far, and Nemo is rebuked by his father, he draws further away from his Dad, resulting in his being fishnapped  by a diver named Phillip Sherman (Bill Hunter)who will keep him in his dentist's office aquarium near Sydney Harbor, resulting in Marlin beginning an odyssey of his own to retrieve his son--a journey on which he will be greatly tested.
The only real gem to this doll is that his knee-high boots have a slit down the back that allows my daughter to easily slip them on and off.  
The most surprising part of the film is the unflattering portrayal of Mike Wallace, the well-known 60 Minutes reporter.
The DVD was perfect.
Received this within a couple of days after placing the order.  
Marlin will have his slightly antagonistic encounter with their parents who try to reassure this overprotective father of a physically challenged child to give him some independance.
so it was worth purchasing the digital copy.
I much prefer them over the Pixar creations we get now (although some of those are good as well).  
They would be ok as cake toppers, but I would not recommend them as a toy for kids to play with.
I took out the voice box and realized the wires were poorly attached to the button in her hand.  
It's still hugely entertaining, so it's little surprise that Disney would reunite MacArthur, Munro and Annakin
I love film - no matter how old these charming stars become, they will be forever young and empowered to do it right for us for a long long time!  
i loved watching the movie with my 16month old son.
Bill Murray is as superb as we have come to expect and I tend to feel he is rather overlooked as a credible actor due to his more outlandish early comedy films.  
Disney has to be congratulated for largely sticking with the original, and not trying to sentimentalize the books.
However, the fact that they aren't compatible isn't their only issue.
Mickey Mouse Clubhouse is pretty much the first show my son really got into.
We love this bag.
The film starts with the birth of Bambi, the main character, surrounded by other friendly animals in the forest.
Well, at least not until my daughter opened Doc's coat.
It reminded me of a stuffed toy you'd get at the carnival or a fair  but he's still cute & my little grandaughter will love it.
Disappointed in the quality of this product.
Cute story about raising a kid as a single parent.
Rapunzel needed her prince!
What a rip off!
Also, having the DVD is nice, we can have a copy of the movie in the Suburban and the kids can watch it while on long drives during Holiday trips!
Better as family with older kids.
The animation in this movie is absolutely amazing and the characters are so life like.
Don't miss out.
It's funny, creative, and entertaining.
"Pinocchio" is often praised as the most-beautiful animated film ever made, but (for this viewer) it doesn't come close to "Bambi".
This DVD is best seen along with The Ultimate Villain Showdown Box Set.
This is an interesting product that I'm somewhat surprised kids want.
This movie has been a classic and my daughter loves this movie.  
A movie clip here.
This sound machine is adorable in my baby's room.
Pearl of Wisdom:  Scrooge learns that a pearl he bought will grant him infinite wisdom once he takes it back to its homeland.  
Such a great story and I just adore watching it so much!
I purchased these in advance of the movie release for my 4 year old grandson, who love the "cars" movies.  
The film takes place mostly in a castle that is actually a Fantasia like wonderland.
As a sci-fi kind of guy I found myself fast forwarding much of the last 30 minutes of this one.
The comforter is light weight which is great for him since he's hot blooded.  
This one fits into our full size tub and he loves to splash in it.
Long ago, I saw this move and the color quality was not that great.  
The main feature runs about a hour and forty minutes.
Eloise, in her usual inimitable fashion, decides to play matchmaker and bring the two together.
The next Diamond Edition release is "The Lion King"
It was too long waiting for the Monster's University to be made.
This is one such new classic with "legs" destined to carry it through many many years.
It's a good time.
Clover is very cute.
With that being said, there are a few remarks and things that are shown that allude to other things.  
and she loves it.
Zach Braff voices the title character; the resourceful little chicken of popular myth who sends the town into a panic when he rings the bell in the school tower while announcing that the sky is falling.
My daughter loves this movie.  
If you like the look and feelof movies from the 50s and 60s you can't go wrongwith anything Walt Disney.
There's one song that seems to make Materialism into a Value, as if to catch the audience Madonna might have missed.  
Where do we write to push for a full series release?
Based on the Brothers Grimm fairy tale, this animated musical that later became a Broadway Stage hit, is a true classic.  
Even the characters, heavily anthropomorphized, move like the creatures they represent.  
A real pity they have the Disney/Pixar name on the box, because this is not what I expect from companies that I can usually trust to deliver a decent product.
The thing that I liked the best about this film is the concept.  
You & your kids will not be disappointed with this movie
Good family viewing without being cheesy or schmaltzy.  
Remember Tia Dalma, the Jamaican witch?
Still like the original the best.
Seems like they were meant to be decorations rather than toys, but my daughter still has fun acting out movie scenes with them.
I'd recommend not brushing the tail, even gently.
So, this is a very nice set to have.
I love this tub.
Even more significant are the expressionistic sequences, particularly the one in which Bambi fights Ronno for Faline.
So for our one year old, we place this into the shower, fill it, and shut the shower off.
Thank goodness, because it's here to stay with all ages.
The characterization of Tinkerbell (insanely jealous of Wendy and possessive of Peter) creates a very believable teen-age triangle; and, some welcome pungency to offset Disney's penchant for treacle.
We all love this one, Mom, Dad, 5 year old boy, 3 year old girl, and the baby.
It is a great movie I enjoy it and it is great.
While writing this I looked Fess Parker up on Wickipedia.
There is so much repetitive and overlap it is way bother a second disc.
My daughter loves her new bath tub, only she would rather play in it than take a bath.
It's much cheaper at Best Buy!!!
In general, I'd recommend it to anybody willing to take couple of minutes before each bath to clean the tub.
And The Little Mermaid re-ignited Disney animation, officially launching a second golden age.
my son loves the duck tales.
Three volumes in ducktales and some of the episodes are mixed up on the dvd's but definately another good buy.
My three year old love this show and also loves to play the Perry game on my iPad.
But it stopped working after a few drops.
So now I rated this an A grade plus classic, fantastic all the way through for full on comedy that will leave you begging for more.
and my girls 3 and 5 love them!  
[very old joke, that]The interesting thing is that while the story is improbable from the start -- find one little fish in that great big ocean?
A very good movie
The video quality is much better than the regular DVD.
Marnie is brought to the Halloweentown Witches' Council and asks to bring a group of Halloweentown students to her own high school in the mortal world.
Got this for my niece, she loved it!
I love "Finding Nemo" and have watched it about five times with different people.
For the first time, characters are drawn in an un-naturalistic, severely minimalist style, no more complex than a comic-strip drawing (Tweedle Dum/Dee, the Carpenter, Mad Hatter, Queen of Hearts).
Instead, if you don't like by a Tar-get ask a friend to check for you!BTW: Since, they are really only a dollar at the store, the quality is okay.
I hope they last my son who loves planes.
The Making of Peter Pan
Cute assortment of clothes - easy for my girls 2.5 yrs old to take on and off.
"Bambi" is presented in 1080p High Definition (1:33:1).  
Much like a cellphone vibrating.
It lost money, was not well received by critics, even Walt's daughter Diane wasn't too thrilled with the idea of Bambi's mother dying.  
Don't expect Snow White, Bambi or Dumbo.  
Who doesn't love nemo.
We chose this Lambie over the other upright looking beanie just because the proportions and all together character looked truer to Lambie than it did.
At length, Belle has had enough and flees into the wintry wilderness, where she is set upon by a ravenous pack of wolves.  
There was again a sense of purpose and "philosophy" to the plot; and I really do expect that there be at least some plot and some kind of purpose to a story.  
Well this was a funny movie and love the actors in it but can be a little egh at times you definitely need to keep an open mind to the movie and it doesn't hurt if you are drinking a bit during it.
The night scenes over London remind me of the ride in Disney World - quite simply they are beautiful.
We had alot of trouble getting it out of the box and the box looked like it had been around the moon and back however the doll was ok.
I love this movie and was very happy with the 3D version.  
Part of the problem lies in the fact that the original novel featured a unique style for its fantasy world from its artwork to its original story.  
If you have not seen this, you must!!
What a relief!
not but all good for the little ones.
My daughter picked out Prince Charming for her collection.
She loves the lights and the noises.
I'm sure by now most people know what the story is about so I won't spoil it for anyone who hasn't seen it yet.
It seems like its just a hair too small so my daughter is not string enough to wrestle it on and the Velcro is cheap and doesn't hold it on for very long.
Great actors and just fantastic writing that really kept true.
The product came undamaged and I am very pleased with it.
Disc 2 has the 4 episode movie "Catch As Cash Can" where Scrooge and Flint Heart have a contests to see who is the richest duck and will make even more money soon.
Floating particles in the sea come to life before your eyes.
Very pleased with purchase.
well worth the money...great sound and pic....no complaints.....great  movie..... thank you  we enjoyed the movie very ....much.....good deal and fairly priced
The movie may not pack the wallop of some of Disney's higher-rated masterpieces, but it's a wonderful animated adventure.
But, it is very adorable
I liked this very much.
Bodies with bullet wounds and slashed throats are found.
This is a movie to watch just for the fun of it and have a few good laughs when trying to relax.
But that's not why I ask "why does Disney do it?"In this Melody Time DVD, along with "Pecos Bill", there is also the "Johnny Appleseed" short.
She loves being able to switch around her pillow and having a different princess on either side.  
Mater Mater Lightning Mc queen bla bla bla !
Recess Christmas is a Disney holiday DVD that features the Recess gang(TJ, Spinelli, Gus, Vince, Mikey, and Gretchen)enjoying the Holidays.
Let me preface this review....
She loved that Doc talked/sang and that Lamby was a part of the doll's set.
The special edition DVD also has an alternate beginning that was originally scrapped early during pre production.  
but I will very soon
(There's a wonderful moment in "Alaska: the Last Frontier" when Atz Lee says to his wife "We got Bambi -- and his mother, too!".)Anthropomorphism notwithstanding, *** "Bambi" is a beautiful film with many iconic moments and characters.
My daighter loves this movie!
I love this film and I'm really glad I bought it for my kids to enjoy over and over.
I adore this movie.
Having it on amazon instant video just makes sense for me.
My daughter loved these toys.
This is a great Toy,however a little high in price
now).While I wrap this up I hope
The attention to detail is amazing...having Boo draw a picture of her monster, closeups of textures in the couch and her monster costume.
Seriously they could dub this but not Only Yesterday???
Made the wife happy
The rug looks good when it is new but does not hold up to machine washing and a bathroom rug needs to be able to be washed.  
I choose this rating cuz  I love this movie it is a adventure and is funny I would recommend this movie to everyone
now time to upgrade to cd, and this was the perfect christmas gift.  
They come in handy when 'sharing' Jake toys for extras or if some have been lost from a previous set.
I HAD NO IDEA IT WOULD BE THE ENTIRE COMPLETE COLLECTORS EDITION SEALED!!!
Of all the Disney Princesses, Belle is my favorite because she is brave, and strong, and she didn't need someone to save her.
If the terrible language is going to be left in from the edited movie, then the rating should have stayed R like it was before!!
For Phineas and Ferb fans this is a great toy.
This is totally worth purchasing.
In the olden days "Indians" were the de facto horse riding, war paint wearing villains standing in the way of white people's "manifest destiny".
Before she leaves Prince Eric sees her face and hear hers voice for a brief moment.
In the process of arriving, McQueen inadvertently tears up the asphalt of Main Street.  
It's hard to beat these Disney combo packs as they come with every possible version of the movie you would want.
Sadly, it was Tommy Kirk's last Disney film, and it is just a silly comedy.  
One of my favorite disney characters is Ursula the Sea Witch!  
Love this movie.  have bought it for friends and relatives as a gift.  
It shows that one should appreciate those around you and not take them for granite.
 For all we ought to have thought and have not thought, all we ought to have said and have not said, all we ought to have done and have not done, I pray thee, God, for forgiveness.
We found it hilarious--the interactions between the photographer and the ladies.  
Highly recommend this movie to all movie lovers of comedy.
There's also a neat appearance by the Firehouse Five Plus Two, the dixieland band made of Disney animators.
Never give up for your dreams .
Still looking for a replacement
And why did we have to bring the freaky voodoo lady back again?
You just can't beat that!
Do yourself a favor: go to some popular video clip website, watch the TV series, and then buy that DVD (also available on Amazon), but skip this piece of dung movie.
There are several parts to this movie.
Under The Scene: The Art of Live-Action Reference (HD, 13:13).
Both have held up well over time.  
This is a Christmas gift, but I enjoyed the one I saw.  
Subtitles are in English SDH, English ESL, French and Spanish.
The Blu Ray is signature Disney, with a top-notch transfer that will memorize your eyes.
I highly recommend to anyone who likes lively romantic comedy.
It had a wonderful storyline, funny, suspenseful!
It's up to the Rangers to save the baby from the well-intentioned bear and then save the bear from a trigger-happy posse of campers!  
I am also a purist for animation.
The 7.1 DTS HD soundtrack comes alive during the major songs and setpieces, namely the bombastic "Under The Sea".
I'll stop here so as not to ruin too many surprises.
There is a surprising amount of emotional depth, character development, and humor to the film that I don't think was present in many of the early Disney films.
Jack seems to be happy anyway.
A blast from the past that proves (once again) that Disney is and has always been at the top of entertaining films for the entire family.  
Still, its a classic and the wonderful animation is as enchanting as ever in blu-ray.
Very pleased with order and he even paid me back!
(Walt claimed that he was only following the book, however loosely, a first for him as Walt regularly played fast and loose with classic children's literature.  
I had gotten this for my daughter and when I had ordered it the price was quite a bit less.
And my son loves it.
Very fun buy.
Befriending the soldiers and learning to get along themselves is only the first part of their struggle, as the group from the "Noah's Ark" also must find a way to get back to civilization with only their now permanently grounded plane to use as transportation.
Although I bought this off of Amazon, keep in mind that I've owned a copy of this set since the day it came out in 2006, along with Gummi Bears Volume 1.  
The answers on the back of the question cards require the magic secret decoder heart jewel to see the answers.
Blu Ray, Blu Ray 3D, DVD, & digital copy!
The Blu Ray transfer looks beautiful though and Disney has carried over most of the bonus material from the previous DVD edition.
I've been looking and looking waiting for a deal on this one and finally came across this amazon deal.
Highly recomend this movie.
The concept of a mermaid princess is interesting to her, since the other princesses she adores are land lubbers.
Crowns and wands break so often it's a joke.
Now it is McQueen everything.  
This is a must-have for the kids.
The whole soundtrack is powerful.
It's defnitely a must have.
Could use some more lessons for the kids but overall a great movie.
As Tokyo expands, the Tanuki are forced to take action at the loss of their habitat.
I am soooooo upset
so I don't blame the product.
Bruce Broughton(Silverado, Lost in Space) composed the energetic music score for the film.
The Lost Crown of Genghis Khan:  Scrooge goes searching for a crown in the Himalayas, which is guarded by a snow beast.  
A LOW DOWN DIRTY SHAME is a great comedy movie.
So glad I bought this for him.
So far, only two documentaries have required active-shutter and I now own eight 3D movies.
This was a great addition to my Disney collection.  
Also, I bought it at a reduced price and couldn't be happier!
We care about him and suffer with him as he prepares to confess his part in the fraud not only to Congress, but to his trusting father.  
I thought I would receive something much lower in quality considering what I paid for this item.
A great film however and one of the best animated films
I gave this item three stars only because my nieces (ages 3 & 5) seemed to love these totes despite the shortcomings.
It is fun and funny and magical.  
We trade pins for our son's amusement.  
The stickers started coming off right out of the box.  
Use your telephones to control the game.
The lines in Beauty & the Beast are very thin, which is great for details.
Buy this now!  
We bought this for my 3 year old son, who is a huge Jake fan.  
Some like the old and some like the new.
Boy what a wonderful cartoon.
A DVD copy is also offered.
floor puzzles are awesome and we love this one
I don't really like.
I also would have liked it to be longer, but I think that about most of the movies I really enjoy.  
The story lags a little in the middle.  
This film isn't for everyone, so everyone shouldn't necessarily go see it.
Hair is superb and all the details are perfect.
And my young daughter got me hooked again.
Little guy and I both love this movie!
The end song looks like it's from the House of Mouse cartoon.
Unfortunately just as it seems that things are okay between the father and son's strained relationship, another piece of the sky happens to fall (directly onto Chicken's head no less).
My daughter is a horse fanatic and has been wanting this movie for a long-long time, so I finally bought it and she loves it.  
The sword is made of somewhat hard material so my 3 yr old daughter won't snuggle with it or take it to bed.  
Take a look and compare.  
I made a promise to myself, that I would buy every cartoon t.v. series or movie from my childhood, so that my children could watch them and grow with them too.
This product comes with the doctor bag and various medical equipment, including a stethoscope, "bandaid", and thermometer.
This was the first toy my daughter opened on Christmas Eve and she was so happy.
I've watched it more than once and I still get a kick out of it!
The whole family has enjoyed this movie from the day it arrived.
It's a little thin on story, but the characters are so charming and the visuals so dazzling that it's hard to knock this movie.
Update: 3 months in and this doll is hanging in like a champ, she gets rather used and abused (aka Toddler loved) and still looks brand new.
I really enjoyed watching it in the comfort of my place.
Trying to raise money for a good cause in their small English village, normally very conservative, middle-aged women decide to put out a tasteful nude calendar.
plays great my grandaughter loves the show we recieved the movie fast.
They complement her pirate ship and other Jake toys nicely.
Even Tom's straight man is funny.
The story, funny and incredibly entertaining.
My boys also loved it a dozen or so years ago so it has staying power.
Cheesy but harmless enough.  
Music would be the focus of the film (the film has more songs than any Walt Disney animated film) and would be loosely based on Lewis Carrol's books (this of course would anger British film and literary critics).But unfortunately, the film would not do well initially at the box office and unlike other Disney films which would be re-released theatrically, "Alice in Wonderland" was not re-released during Walt Disney's lifetime but only on television.  
Her hair gets tangled almost instantly, but that is really not an issue if you know how to deal with it--use Johnson & Johnson's detangler and brush with a doll hairbrush and she is back to normal PDQ.  
I highly recommend this series for either your children, for yourself, or for you to watch with your children.
The best family animated movies have a great story, humor, and universal life themes.  
Great family time!
CHICKEN LITTLE---the son of a rooster causes an alarm in the village because he thinks that the sky is falling when a metallic object falls from the sky.
Enjoyed it very much.
I ordered this for a Christmas gift and it arrived very quickly.  
Viewed: 11/13Rate: 211/13: A Low Down Dirty Shame is a godawful picture that relies on too much stupidity to get by.
I can't remember if the Batman Animated Series preceded this or they arrived at the same time, but they're both dark, gothic and mature and not for children under a certain age.  
The Proud Family Movie is a 2005 Disney Channel original movie based on the classic animated series starring an great voice cast including Kyla Pratt, Tommy Davidson, Paula Jai White and JoMarie Payton.
Disney hasn't disappointed me yet.
The other fish in the tank help him learn the ways of the tank, but a serious danger threatens.
I don't believe so.  
This was a must have for my son and his pirate room.
(Now, whether low impact living is viable as a life style, is another issue.  
It will inevitably disappoint your kid.
We simply graduated from this one to no inflatable in the tub when he was about 15 months.
Jake Gyllenhall is ridiculous in this!
If you haven't seen it yet.... where have you been hiding?
Although we stayed in a 5 star resort I did not feel comfortable bathing her in the tub and this was the perfect solution since it was easy to travel with but still functioned like her tub at home were she could happily play and relax before going to bed.
So here is a girl who rebels against her father to get her own stubborn way and in the end seems to be rewarded for it, plus there is a scene of animated nudity in this film as she transforms from mermaid to human, the sea witch is just too dispicable for my children to watch... by far one of the worst disney movies EVER.
It didn't feel like Anne Hathaway was enjoying it as much either, and after the serious critical success she has had since the first movie, this sequel must have felt like quite a step back.
If you even moderately enjoy Cars, get it on Blu-ray.  
This is a must see movie - watch it with friends for an uplifting evening!
It worked just fine for a week's vacation, and much more portable than non-folding potty seats.  
she looked like a brave princess
If you don't have this movie,i have three word's for you,GET IT NOW!!!!.I
The instructions say the outfits should be wiped clean only.  
I enjoyed the movie too, everything written on the score matches the situation very nicely.
So we will keep it.
With the addition of Lena Olin's Derevko and more details about the Alliance of 12 we get more suspense.
Most pleased with the film and have already watched it several times.  
Her favorite charcter was Piglet, but she loved watching this  anyway.
As mentioned before.
She's been practising being a doctor and using my poor DS (1 year old) as her patient
Happy doll playing young and younger.
The film involves Pooh and Christopher Robin enjoying the last day of Summer, when Christopher Robin tells Pooh important news, Pooh would not listen, so it would wait till the next day.
As always, stunning artwork from Studio Ghibli.  
twelve inches tall is a perfect size.
No bent or broken pieces here.
Video new as promised.
Either way, I fell asleep watching it it was that boring.
Very well constructed and withstands a lot of playing.
If you don't have it in your collection, or have the older dvd that is just a slam bam job, then surely consider picking this one up.
I was the luckiest kid to find this movie dubbed in italian on this website.
But the audio is still fantastic as you can hear the thunder and lightning throughout your surround channels, you can hear Frank Churchill and Edward Plumb's wonderful score and while this film is primarily dialogue and music driven, there ares some scenes where the audio sounds fantastic (primarily the final half hour of the film).The soundtrack is not to immersive, but "Bambi" is not an action-driven film.
It still does, I have owned this movie in one medium or another as long as I have been an adult and I still like it!
Update on Buzz.
Fans can keep hoping that someday there will be a complete and thoroughly satisfying adaptation of everything that Mr. Adams has written.
They are colorful and fun.
I'm fine with it not being for everyone, but the humor, the style, the characters, I love everything about it.
The attention to detail on these cars is suberb!
We purchased this from a 3rd party reseller who shipped through Amazon (Prime).  
It isn't stiff or cheap looking.
so this game was right up her ally.  
There's nothing bad to say about it.
Where No Duck Has Gone Before:  Gyro's props for a science fiction television show accidentally launch the cast into space, and Launchpad becomes the hero when it is realized that he is the only real pilot on board.  
They close with velcro down the back and therefore seem to be a bit different than those in other reviews.
Not the fault of the actors.
Sulley just so happens to be the number one scream-generator at Monsters, Inc. despite intense rivalry from the #2 guy, Randall Boggs (Steve Buscemi).
But the Beagle Boys want to use it so they can steal all of Scrooge's money.  
Much easier to clean up than the typical waffle maker also.
In their own language!
The quality is good, the color and size is perfect and matches the Memory Book well.
I love this movie so much...
These characters offer more than present day cartoons could ever hope for.
Then when they are ready to try a little scary they can try watching the whole movie.
Shoes - yes it even comes in shoes!8.
Love that you can change it back in forth from spy to platypus.
It is filled with love and comedy.
Aliceso go visit NetflixAmazonand
My daughter is very tall for her age (3) and very thin.
A superb animated film.
This blue fish is Dory, the absolutely lovable absent-minded kook played to perfection by Ellen DeGeneres.
When I opened it I thought the pieces were made from wood composite.  
I have been adding a lot of movies to my kids collection but adults can enjoy this one too.  
These are made well, my son who is 3 loves them!
No extras on this film but the picture quality is great.  
It is simply a fantasy adventure that makes no attempt to moralize and I love it.
Lambie has been a bit of a disappointment though.  
Spot on actually.  
I got this for my daughter for Christmas since she loves Doc McStuffins.
Even if you're not entirely impressed with the animation, you will be impressed with the glorious transfer.
I loved this because the movie is just great, this includes three discs and slipcover, and there is a lot of bonus features.
The plushies are very soft, Sven met our expectations.
This jet pack is easy to inflate, and my son can put it on himself.
A must see for kids of all ages!
we do best with the 'breeze' sound because it mimics in-womb.
The chemistry between Bill and Rachel is obviously more evident than Brooks and Rachel.
WE got this a year or two ago for my daughter who is now four.
So I bought this when my son turned one and no longer fit in the infant tub.
The Old Mill - (8:58) A 1937 Silly Symphonies animated short.*
Audiences felt it, and still do.
My little girl LOVES Ariel and has been begging for a Prince Eric doll.  
Brother Bear could be considered one of the most overlooked of the post-Lion King era.
Yes, I liked Brave...but I also saw the teaser trailer to Monsters University and it looks to me that the studio is back to making more crap for us in the near future.
A lot of my friends have pointed out that this movie teaches little girls that you can 'change an awful abusive man into the man of your dreams', to which I always respond 'Don't ruin my childhood you stinkin jerks'
I will not rehash the plot.
The 3 disc Blu Ray carries over all important bonuses from the previous 2 disc DVD and adds a few in HD.
Man glad this finally came out on dvd when my kid is old nuff he's gonna  love this movie.
I grew up viewing David Crockett films and always wanted a coon skin cap; however, I never got one.  
This set is very sweet and unbelievably soft!
Two characters who annoy me, however they make a huge impression upon the audience, and so much so that my other called my brother and I by those names when we were being to rambunctious as children.
My granddaughter has seen the first two and she just had to have this one also.
There was a 4 year gap between the release of season 1 and part 1 of season 2, and a 10 year gap between season 2 part one and season 2 part 2.
I found the doll at Target for 39.99.
Much has been made of Disney censoring the Pecos Bill segment, removing his cigarette - which must have been difficult as he's pretty much always got it in his mouth!
I'm so skeeved that I decided to buy a new one.
I hope it inspires people to read the original HILARIOUS books!
I hope to see more of this.  
This particular one wasn't that great to me personally but I can't just have all the other ones and not this one, it just wouldn't feel right.
Cons: Wish a digital copy came with each and every blu-ray/dvd combo pack.
One of Pixar's BEST!
9/17/20122012 kids top toysDoc McStuffins doll (time for your checkup)Furrbie that big ugly doll thing.
That being said, this has always been my favorite feature length (only 75 minutes) Disney animated feature and for one reason:  It is funny!  
With the help of his friends Tantor (an elephant) and Terk (a gorilla) they rescue Tarzan and Tarzan heads to the jungle to rescue the gorillas and save his family.
My grand children love this movie, & I have to admit that I caught myself chuckling at it a few times.
My favorite line of the movie, and one of my favorite cars!  
Kevin Weisman's Marshall Flinkman, usually the comedic anchor of the show as SD-6's tech guy, gets the opportunity to go on a mission and participate in a little bit of an action.
This one is adorable, and Andy is spelled on his hooves.
and i want a priate hat and ship and flag and go Johnny Depp watch this one have fun watching yeh
I do not have a 3d player but the blu-ray is awesome.  
A little bit of consistency (preferably in the "included digital copy" department) would be greatly appreciated.
My favorite character is Jack Bristow.  
It's a classic Disney movie.  
This time the ogre is the owner of the Plaza, Mr. Peabody (Victor A. Young), who kept his daughter (Sara Topham) from getting romantically entangled with a lowly waiter (Gavin Creel).  
but I was exhausted and frustrated by the time we got out.
Grave illness, divorce and family discord are just several of the items they deal with.
The 3 main characters, Mike, Sully (Kitty) and little girl were all so refreshingly cute in their fight against the evil of the large business conglomerate...
(you really shouldn't assume any "based on a true story" production was taken directly from the midst of the situation it's relating anyway!)as for the Chip & Dale cartoon, well, they were never particular favorites of mine, although i've always liked The Lone Ranger, which enables me to enjoy it as being a parody thereof.
Walt Disney also takes the liberty of significantly toning down Pinocchio's bratty rudeness from the book.  
Think of all the characters that have become part of Western culture: the Hatter and Hare, the Cheshire Cat, Tweedledee and Dum, the Red Queen; they are the ones that make the show.
Movie: 5 out of 5.
Nevertheless, this was still a good film, offering a plot worthy of the cinema while staying consistent with what the show always presented.  
Good to note that Lots-O does in fact smell like a berry.
Highly recommend this film.
I love kim possible show that why I miss all the show so I have to get it on DVD.
It is a great tool in the educational process of a child.
My family actually purchased this one.
If not, it may still appeal to you...just not quite so deeply.
The opening day discs are in black and white vintage footages, and both Disneyland After Dark & Anniversary discs are in color.
I wonder why my reviews keep getting deleted?!We own these exact puzzles.
Plastic odor was so strong that can't possibly be non-toxic to little ones, I returned it immediately upon opening the package.
Filled with even more resentment for his token, Kenai kills the bear - but his brother Sitka, now a spirit, punishes Kenai for this act by turning him into a bear.
It cam in on time, and was a big hit.  
The Spirits transformed him to teach the boy valuable life lessons.
Davy Crocket(Fess Parker) left us  a little backwoods gift of sheer common sense- "Be Sure You're Right
Plus, the historic TV debut of the singing little Osmond brothers before Donny even joined the group.  
Comes in a handy case for the collectors, but for the baby, he just likes to roll him around with the rest of his toys.
I love Dick VanDyke!
Great family comedy we can watch with our children.
Ohm fell in love with a fellow scientist, Dr. Lopez.
I remember watching this movie many, many years ago.
Afters and so on).What we have here is a cutesy CG piece that by no means pushes the animation envelope (even for 2005 standards) that works off the tried and true formula of decent narrative rather than retina-popping visual appeal.
This collection is great for the spcial features as well as the feature film itself.
he bounces moves his head and talks.  
I noticed that the colors in the blu-ray version are much brighter than what I was used to from the VHS version, and I think this can be seen in the storyboard version as the colors seem to be darker in that version.
Animation, Characters and story are unsurpassed.
With the voice talents of Bobby Driscoll, Hans Conried, and Kathryn Beaumont, it remains timeless entertainment.
It's pretty cheesy and felt slow to me.
I'm not going to bother with all the "making of" on this, but theres some pretty kewl info on IMDB.
Our copy went to my niece that had back surgery and has a fatal illness that effects her muscles.
This stays together for hours of rough boy car-smashing, flying, imagination play.
They did not put much effort in styling the hair, it came cheaply styled in some very cheap things that were like "blah".5.
Well um... Cheesy.
I wish I could buy an electronic copy to download so I could view it on a whim.
He was still young in this film and he did a swell job.
My son seems to afraid to play with him now though, but I am sure he will eventually.
The one line my 4 and 5year olds have picked up and keep saying to us now....
While we ended up just finishing up the mural using a very loose representation of Neverland, I would have loved to have a copy of Peter Pan to pop in so we could merely pause it over the aerial view.  
Definitely one of the all time greats.
It is easy to understand the many awards the movie has been given; it truly deserves them.
Many of them can stretch their attention spans beyond what they've been dealt all their lives and will enjoy and appreciate these fine historical programs.
I bought it for Christmas.  
Don't miss it!
Thanks once again.
This was a gift my son and daughter in-law, they love how easy it is to use it.
It is very durable and the kids love playing with it.  
This is a very cleverly written cartoon.
My only complaint about the doll is her hair-it's a little crazy (which I know Merida's hair is in the movie) but when she comes out of the box, it's perfect waves of curly and after about 10 mins of play it's all over and my daughter keeps wanting to "comb it nice again" but
yeah, people died in films back then but did we experience nightmares from their demise like today?  
Who can ever forget Monstro the whale?
The inside artwork is actually a scene from the movie and the rear is of the mentioned Clown fish swimming away in the distance.
I just love this movie.  
The pants are thinner, the top is thinner and flimsy.
The animation is standard, but I like that about the Disney films.  
We've only had the second Buzz for three months and it has begun, his left foot has broken off and my son is so sad.
Kenai quickly discovers the wildlife can talk, meeting two brother mooses, Rutt and Tuke (voiced by Rick Moranis and Dave Thomas).
apart from imaginative play, I'm pretty neutral about it, since it's based on a TV show, and my daughter's not able to fully voice her stories about them...yet.  Would like to see if the other characters from the series make it into additional sets.
The length is perfect for my 2 yr old.
His characterization is silkily evil, but he is also able to play the more comical side of the character.
Its great for 18 months up
A father who's having an adventure of his own.  
The audience is not expected to cheer for victorious and righteous royalty at the conclusion of Pinocchio (1940 Disney).It's a story about a lonely bachelor artist and craftsman, Gepetto, who makes toys and entertaining clocks which "perform" mechanically.
I love these dolls from the Disney Store.
Happy to see the story again.
My grand daughter loves the Disney princesses.  
They watch it over and over and just don't seem to get tired of it.
It makes for pretty dull play unless, as my kids do, villians from other play lines are brought across.
probably wouldn't use it outside for a sleeping bag (unless it was the summer) but she loves it.
Hi - my son has been watching this since he was 2 years old.
I had this film on VHS, but just had to have it on DVD.  
This movie is literally sleep-inducing.
I could watch this movie everyday and it would never get old!
Great movie; purchased for my kids because we loved the movie - and it's a hit with the kids as well.
Based on a true story.  
She went to friends house and fell in love with the movie.
I have no words for this, it's stunning.
Arms are bendable at shoulders and elbows and legs are bendable at top, knees, and ankles.
The picture is clear and rich in color; the special features are fantastic.
Definitely worth buying if you're interested, although this version may be outdated by more recent re-releases.
All in all, even though this is a jungle themed movie, I don't think it has the same charm as "The Jungle Book" or "The Lion King."
And while the Magic Code will not work in your US Disney rewards account, sadly, the bottom line is there is no need for you to wait for Disney to decide that Americans are finally ready for the honor and blessings of these wonderful films (I include Aladdin in this sarcasm) to be released domestically on Blu Ray.  
I absolutely loved the film as it really gave viewers a chance to see how far Big Tobacco companies would go, to intimidate former employees who went against the confidentiality agreement.  
Although there is violence it is not as bad as some movies.
He is killing many poor people, adults and children of the town.
A+A great start to a great series.  
An Extremely Goofy Movieb.
The commodore of a convoy of civilian merchant ships ordered his men to go head to head with front-line warships, including a battleship, from the world's second most powerful navy.
It would be un-American, and we certainly wouldn't want that, would we!A gift for my grandchildren.
I have 5 from C2.
It makes the hair looks perfect every time.
Great shipping and came just as described.  
The doll unfortunately does not look much like Sofia.
I am happy to use this seller again in the future.
Could this be it?  
I thought it might be boring and it took me a long time to finally sit and watch.
There is no impact on the quality or overall experience of the film.
Among those they must surpass are a school of jellyfish.
FANS OF THESE TWO SHOWS NEED TO CALL DISNEY 1800 723 4763 AND REQUEST FOR THE REMAINING EPISODES TO BE RELEASED ON A SECOND TREASURES VOLUME OR LIKE THE RECENT WALT AND EL GRUPO AND THE SHERMAN BROTHERS RELEASES.
The streaming was very good.  
I bought this movie to add to my Disney favorites collection.
Martin Short is a trip....well worth the price for my collection...
The multiplane camera, which would become too expensive to devise in subsequent decades, is in full gear here.
I'm glad I didn't pass this toy up based on our poor experience with the cheaper toy.  
Little one is very frustrating having to put the flexible hand thorugh skinny sleeve of a gown as they cross dress dolls all the time and most dresses have tinny skinny tubes for sleeve.
The only complaints that I have are minor:  
Especially when she falls down the rabbit hole!
More Mickeys tooI will be making Mickey pancakes for the freezer tooand send a few home with him when he stops to visit.
The Blu-ray looks good though.
I still do not understand why disney does not come out with the whole show on dvd, but this film does fill that void and bit, and has the first two episodes of the show as a bonus feature.  
However, the comforter is thinner than I would expect for the price.
I grew up on all the old Disney movies, loving every one of them.  
Gargoyles perched on corners of buildings, cathedrals and steeples.
This was intended as a gift for my son for his birthday in November and I will not give him a used item.
It's hard to tell you the duration as my player wouldn't give me the duration time for this feature but because it is featured in a way where you can watch various features separately, you can listen to Walt Disney and staff's audio meetings on "Bambi", you can also see two deleted scenes, the making of the film, two bonus animated Disney shorts, anecdotes and more.  
witches are cool.
I had to pay for the return shipping - so I basically paid more than retail and have nothing to show for it!!  
I grew up watching the TV show back in the 1990's before they ruined it.
Definitely would recommend to everyone who has never seen a classic Disney movie.
A disgruntled ex-champ, hilariously played by John Turturro, exposes the con when he is forced off the show to make room for Van Doren and then is dumped and ignored, having squandered his corrupt winnings on a poor investmnet.
but I love it.  
He'd had the toy about a month when the first major mishap occurred.
Any episode with Donald Duck in it is good.  
Sorry for the Police Squad-style gag.
I am not sure why everyone was complaining that these are not die cast.  
A crowning achievement with a heaping amount of 'feel good' on the side.
but it's worth the 30 second inconvenience.
Trees7) Blame It on the Samba8) Blue Shadows on the Trail9) Pecos BillPlayPreview Trailers1)
Overall, interesting movie, but not as good as I had always heard.
Outside of that (which is how it was originally filmed), it looks perfect.
But for it's flaws I have to say it's still much better than most of what Disney puts out, which is remarkable for such an old film (1953).
Falling asleep to that voice is not a challenge.
It isn't anything as drastic as the ET scene where they removed the guns and replaced them with radios.
Love this movie.
My boys liked it when they were small so it isn't just for girls.  
These towels are really nice and look great, working with a Disney theme.  
I watched this online one afternoon after work.
Disney films are largely free of sentimentality.
Yesterday, the voice box stopped working.  
and I was not disappointed.
Well worth it.
Still a great buy for a Toy Story fan at a super price!
I think it is rather goofy but my 4 year old granddaughter loves it.  
I'm quite familiar with the normal Jack and the Beanstalk story.
Came on time and what a relief, Needed Laughter in my life !!
As I first said, I know this movie word for word, and recently watched it on TV with my 60+ husband and we still laughed (not a kid in the room as an excuse).  
would finally be created after nearly 18 years of discussion of the project and almost 30 years after Walt Disney made the original "Alice Comedy".
It's 2 short films, Bongo the Runaway Circus Bear and Mickey and the Beanstalk loosely tied together with Jiminy Cricket and a ventriloquist telling the stories.
Christopher Showerman makes his film acting debut as the new George(replacing Brendan Fraser), also starring John Cleese(Fawlty Towers)as the voice of Ape, Michael Clark Duncan(Daredevil) as the voice of the Mean Lion, Julie Benz(Angel) as Ursula, a young Angus T. Jones(Two and a Half Men) as George Jr. and Thomas Haden Church(Spider-Man 3) as the evil Lyle.
(Yes, this worked for us).1.
I don't forsee this toy lasting very long before all his joints and glued together, but I honestly don't want to shell out another almost $40 for a new one.
I like having the movie so I can watch it any time I want.
(Rocky & Bullwinkle fans will note that Captain Peachfuzz is a direct lift of the Mad Hatter.)"Alice" represents a major change in Disney's animation style.
They loved the second Cars as much as the first.
Didn't have to skip any parts for younger kids
It's basic and $20.  
All of the leads deliver performances that are effective and compelling and leave the viewer feeling as if they had been through an emotional meat grinder.
I recalled the days when we had to wait for reruns to watch the Disney classics.
We do not have a disney store anywhere near us, and I checked disney's site today, though the set is a little cheaper, with shipping it still came out to be about 20 dollars, so I don't mind the price here.
You will not regret it.
The stethoscope is easy to put on & remove and feels well made.  
"Magica's Shadow War" has Magica who uses her shadow to try to steal Scrooge's first lucky time but decides to become an evil mind of it's own then as the episode is followed by "Master of the Djinni" where rivals Scrooge and Glumgold fight for Aladdin's magic lamp even if they are sent back in time.
While the restoration looks okay, it's not spectacular.
Any fan will enjoy the film and others who are interested in the franchise will  enjoy it.
All of the accessories work great & the hair dyer isn't too loud or too strong.
We are talking about Chip 'n Dale.... what else do you need to know?I really love this show as a kid, and still love it, and if you have kids, this a must show they should see...
She always tries to take mine when visiting.  
Haven't watched this movie since I was a child, but watched it for the first time in years.
I guess we will see- I'll update after Christmas!
One of the menus has three options which are the movie, bonus cartoons and featurettes.
This whole TV show is incredible!  
It's a great toy for her imagination and for our entertainment as we love seeing what she comes up with.
We all loved these movies growing up and now I can introduce them to my youngest sibling and nephews.
Love Amazon for Christmas shopping.  
It is Christmas present and since she is into Dr Mcstuffins.
A little smaller than expected, which is why I gave it 4 stars instead of 5
This DVD arrived from a private seller quickly and in excellent condition.
If you have kids that love Tangled and want to have part of the movie to play with, this seems like a great accessory to add to their collection.
But like always Amazon came through.
It is a good likeness and well made.
It seems like Disney today doesn't care, just throw out a few tidbits to please the old farts who will watch these old shows anyway.
Good in costuming, sometimes humorous, sometimes grim but always entertaining.  
This movie is my favorite Disney movie.
The beloved 1953 animated adaptation of J.M. Barrie's book was the last of Disney's films to be distributed through RKO Pictures.
Kenai falls down some river rapids, survives, and is healed by Tanana (voiced by Joan Copeland), the shaman of Kenai's tribe.
Most of the time, it is simply decor in his Phineus and Ferb room on his bed.
..at least none I'm aware of?If the studio wants these films to sell well, they have to show a little effort!.
Actually, it's more than that.
This was a great buy, great quality and value.
I appreciated the honest price.
The 3d added alot of depth to the movie and it really worked well and drew you into the movie.
POCO DE COLOR , DE ALLI EL SONIDO MUY MALO  EXISTE ALGUNAS PARTES COMO QUE SE VE MEDIO OPACO,
The East India company reinforce their credentials as the bad guys at the start of "At world's end" with mass executions.
My son Loved it!
I like that Snow Whites hair is Short o it doesn't tangle!
I only wish that either the on/off butten wasn't in an obious place or the song had to finnish before it would shut off because that drives me bonkers when they turn it on start the song then turn it off and do it over and over again.
this is my favorite movie off all time I recommend it to anyone and your never to old to believe and dream
I kept wondering when something would happen or whether I had blacked out and missed key scenes.  
a few months ago i purchased this movie and i have to say that this movie was a very good movie.
In my opinion, Walt Disney's absolute greatest "old school" film.
Fans of Antonia Banderas, people who enjoy Norse Myth, or just fans of Michael Crichton should try it out!May
Stop, already.
I love Gargoyles and I just need one more volume to complete the series.
When you watch movies with your 2 year old you tend to think what the words in the script will sound like if they say them.  
The last act of the film has its charming moments (The "I am Waiting" montage is one of the film's best moments) but the film's climax overall dissapoints.
Salli Richardson as Angela, was too plain for my liking.
I have no problem with it except that I think it should look better.
Though, I do find that Disney seems to make a good, high quality stuffed animal.
It was an old actor and his puppets.
The story is cheesy (despite its dark themes) and I honestly feel it could have been done better.
I loved it, and bought it for my two year old daughter in the hopes she would love it too.
Sully eventually finds a way, but in doing so sacrifices the one thing he loves most.
This toy and his Woody doll are both required to go places with us, sleep with him, etc.
I think the action is great.
Bringing them the entertainment that I shared with their parents seems to be more stimulating and enjoyable.
I will however talk about how great the picture quality is on Blu-ray.  
A great plus is: it's all presented in an understandable format within the context of something that is simply good entertainment enjoyed by many of us.
After "Toy Story," this movie is my favorite of Pixar's work.  
Basically, if the movie doesn't look or sound like the version in their heads, the movie is obviously rubbish.
I am a die hard New Englander & enjoy seeing as much of New York as possible during the Holiday Season.
The final showdown at the end was, to be honest, kind of boring.  
My daughter gets frustrated with it because it's hard for her to operate.
There appears to be some confusion regarding these Tangled dolls, be it Rapunzel or Flynn Rider.
There is nothing not to like about Peter Pan.  
Following the excellent BD sets of Snow White and Beauty and the Beast, Bambi is the third movie in the Diamond line and the results are spectacular.
It's Monsters Inc, what could there possibly be to say?
So it totally is worth the money I spent.
Bongo the Runaway Circus Bear is around 45 minutes long.
Great movie, even for older people but the movie stopped with 32 minutes left to watch and couldn't be started again.  
Get this set first if you want to relive seeing Ducktales or have never seen it before.  
There are, of course, lots of horses.
If it did have his voice then I think the price would have been well matched to the toy.
but I definitely remembered its darkness.
Love this movie Kids also love it and I like that it is not too violent as some kids movies are these days
That is how most movies go so it is expected.  
Fill free to look at Wikipedia if you don't believe me.
One word that instantly springs to mind when I think of the Disney's `Beauty and the Beast' is EPIC.  
Enjoyed the story line very much.  
But next time, I'll go to a 2-D screening so I can experience the classic on the big screen again.
The Little Mermaid II Return to the SeaIII.
I'd give it a lot more than five stars, but that's clearly the highest you can go.
I LOVED THESE FUNNY FELLAS!!!
I am in the process of hopefully forming them back to the way they are suppose to be.
Originally saw this movie in the theaters with my now 15 year old and this copy is for my  2 1/2 year old.
I am so glad Disney is reissuing these movies.
It is almost Christmas, and everyone at the Plaza is excited.
We love Wreck it Ralph in our house so this guy was the perfect gift for my five year old.
They soon get the boy king to discover how enjoyable it can be to make others happy and thus restore the stability of the land.
Belle seeks a grander, less provincial life.
No small feat considering just the exceedingly enveloping and engaging nature of Nemo's meticulously mixed undersea sound field.
because of this, this version of mickey takes a back seat to donald and minney everytime.
Yes she makes sounds when you press buttons on them.  
This is a significant departure from Hans Christian Andersen's 'The Little Mermaid' because the original story was considerably darker.
A Cartoon, a Play on Broadway and a Movie.Kathryn Beaumont, the voice of Alice(in Wonderland) and Wendy(here) is perfect.
The movie isn't for everyone , but if you like Enghish humor, you can't beat this one!
I bought this for my son and he like true stories.
The crown is removable, which is cool.
I won't battle too hard over the usage of racial stereotypes but I really don't think it's a sufficient reason to discount the movie.
Our daughter at 3 1/2 is just a bit too young for this game, and hasn't seen all the princess stories so a lot of the questions that are asked in the game she did not know.  
Then one day they showed it on tv and decided to watch it.
Bambi is filled with moments of joy, sadness, danger, courage, love that helps the story be so timeless as it is.
However, she doesn't have much leg room to grow so I am not sure how a 1 year old would fit in here with the pillow blown up, it would be very snug.
And the opening "storybook" prologue has not been matched since that I'm aware of--and the musical score there is SUPERB.  
*** There's an adorable field mouse drawn in a completely realistic fashion.
The Tiaras and "Jewels" will end up in the dress up box but this is not a game that will have any lasting value.
The sad reality is that our puzzle is already showing wear.
a movie for the girls and not the guys
The price on Black Friday was extremely low and I had to have it!
and I figured my 3yr old wouldn't mind a few scuffs or missing stickers.
Although the animation involving the chandelier in the ballroom was exceptionally done, and is one of my favorite parts of the movie.  
And the expression is just perfect!
Hopefully we won't have to wait nearly as long Season 3 (whether the writer considers the episodes cannon or not).
Animating With Computers2.
Jiminy Cricket, who's witnessed the miracle, is appointed as conscience (and he asks for a gold badge, which the Blue Fairy doesn't promise!).
Another movie I was stuck watching for 2 months straight.
I could watch the interactions of Captain Hook and Smee all day long and although Hook is generally played for laughs he's no fool and cleverly manipulates Tinker Bell to reveal Pan's hideout.
Well of course it's a great!
but it went through fine and came on time!I love him to death!
This is a movie every kid should get to see, and Disney would do well to bring it back front and center today.
James P. Sullivan characters both character animation is awesome awesome one of the my favorite movie.
All the regular pumps I have at home didn't fit into any of the 4 valves.
A special Christmas presentation featuring Edgar Bergen with Charlie McCarthy and Mortimer Snerd visiting Walt Disney studios for a tea party and meeting with Walt Disney, Kathryn Beaumont and more.*
It is amazing to me that Disney can turn a ride into a 4 movie franchise!
The story is wonderful and the characters are so loveable.....not to mention the animation is absolutely breath taking.
I was hoping they would be more like action figures, less movement than a GI JOE but still that idea of flexibility that is not the case.
this is part of a set, there are four and they all are really good movies
Not a great message to children.
When my daughter was young we could only get vhs.  
loved this movie and all the action.wonderful actors,plot,history,sad and true story,its by disny so its terrificly made.watch this with your family and decuss it.you will not regret it!
The prologue was creepy, and the Beast losing his temper scared me, especially when he yells at Belle to get out of the West Wing.
Definitely a great plush!
The musical score is, also, in of itself, brilliant.  
Much better than the previews gave it justice.
Once a year, I curl up in a big chair and watch this.  
The movie has a few too many songs for my particular taste, although it works perfectly as a family film.
It's actually the same narrator as the one in Babe.
As with the previous platinum DVD release, you have three versions of the film to choose: the theatrical 1991 version, the extended 2002 version (which is the version I prefer because Human Again is a fantastic number) and the Work in Progress version.
What makes it interesting, is that you can shake the box and have all the treasures shift to a completely different place, even to a different compartment.  
My 2 year old loves hers!
The look of the box is what you'd expect from a $20 plastic Disney toy, but there are just far too many negatives to validate spending anything on this.
I loved this movie as a child.
Typical Disney fare for that decade.
Mickey and the Beanstalk is the only good part, and would be better without the ventriloquist interrupting.
A story that may or may not stretch the truth about studies (never studied them, so what would I know?).  
Now if your child is gentle and understands this then it should not be a problem for you.
I do not like that the outside of the box has absolutely no design on it after you take away the wrapping.  
I am  replacing the copy I already own on VHS.
Perhaps it is too British.
If you enjoyed the first one, this one is perfect, not like other sequels - the quality of film has not diminished from the first to this one.
I loved the the film, and it makes having all three much more worth while and especially the second less tedious.  
I'm a huge disney fan.  
It shows the depth and bonds between a parent and child.
So much that said production values actually explode and drown out the humor in all its forms.  
Instead, you'll have to verify whatis required at a brick & mortar store before purchasing at Amazon.
It's never looked better than now, and I would highly recommend re-watching this on the blu-ray.
Does it destroy the film?
I have pictures of both posted if want to get a visual on either con  
My husband loves this series!  
Secondly, While this lambie is very soft, she has a beany bottom half which I am sure is probably to keep her sitting upright, but for snuggling purposes is not so great and I know my daughter is going to love her so that is exactly what she is gonna get lots of.  
Supposedly it was heavily researched.
i'm at a loss to explain this because it would seem to be just about perfect.of course, our experience may be quite different from yours.
she had to do a double-take, then grinned just as big as she could!  
I  researched them, and they did not do terribly, they were just moderate successes as opposed to "grand slams"( except Black Cauldron which I know really WAS a failure).
As they say, you're never too old to have a good laugh, especially when you see yourself in the movie doing hilarious pranks with these two trouble monsters.
My only negative is that Doc's tools are VERY small- like Barbie small.  
In this adaption of the classic tale, Alice falls into Wonderland, meeting the usual suspects but told in a way only Disney can.
it is thick and nice colors only problem I had was I clean the bathroom with bleach products
The songs are great,the movie is fantastic.  
Disney's Sofia the First Clover Bunny Rabbit is a 7" tall bean bag plush toy that brings the character from "Sofia the First" to life.  
I love Blu ray and so do my grandkids.
Muppet Fans, Take Note!ALWAYS buy at smile.amazon.com and support Your favorite Charity!
I maybe even like it alittle more now cause I can understand some of the jokes better.
Reinventing the Submarine Voyage* Deleted Scene: Alt Opening* A Lesson in Flashbacks* Knick Knack Theatrical Short* Aquarium* Finding Nemo - A Filmmakers' Roundtable* Selection of Virtual Aquariums* Art Review* Documentary: Making Nemo*
Not just another "Ken" dressed as Flynn.
A must have for any blu-ray collection!
My only compalint would be the packaging.
lolIt's a really good movie!
She went crazy over the doc MCStuffins doctor kit.
I bought this puzzle for my two year old daughter for Easter.
While certainly not on par with any of their previous efforts this is still Disney when Walt was still alive.
Are the character motivations excessively confusing, yes.
I'd still rate it 2 Stars simply because it's incredibly hard to inflate and nowhere was it stated that I need to get a certain air pump to get it to work.
I would still highly recommend this movie.
Filled with so many Humorous Plots for this Group of likeable Ducks and their Friends.
Overall this is a great package with excellent remastering and is another wonderful film to add to your Disney collection.
The movie itself teaches valuable lessons about honesty, loyalty and courage.
I am not sure what the message was or whether this was based on reality.  
So it is a bit silly but this is still a classic of that era and worth watching if you like Disney comedies from the 1960s.
If someone guesses it right, both players get jewel.
It's well worth it.
The only problem is keeping track of his hat, so we put a piece of velcrow on the top of his head and the hat.  
The wand is loads of fun, it has a little button that you push that lights up the tip.
I was gonna buy it
It was NOT the Minnie pictured, it was a much cheaper version.
Great family movie and great 3D.
With several video releases, a 2002 sequel titled "Return to Never Land" and CG animated films featuring Tinker Bell having been released on Blu-ray, "Peter Pan: Diamond Edition" was released in HD on Blu-ray for the very first time in February 2013.VIDEO:"Peter Pan" is one of the most wonderful looking animated films that still looks magnificent 60-years-later.  
Even TV shows of today rely on moody montages set to a contemporary or classic tune to button up an episode.
But the movie's story, the dialogue, & animation are all top notch.  
This is one of my favorites from my child hood and it looks wonderful.
Our son sits comfortably in it and it is big enough for him, now at 10 months, and a few of his toys.
I shared it with my great-grandson but it didn't hold his interest.  
I guess I was a little naive.  
Who could give Pinocchio less than 5 stars?
My little girl loved this!  
It's the worst movie that I've seen in a very long time.
This is a really funny movie.
This was a gift for our grandson.  
We needed to add some male dolls to our collection.
The animation by Disney's team is, unsurprisingly, fantastic and the art, styled after Mary Blair's graphic sensibilities, is beautiful.  
Look for the cast of cartoon characters gathering around for the celebration, and watch a giant cake come to life before your eyes with dancing candles and everything.  
So when I saw that I could get this on DVD I knew instantly I would have to pick it up.
Walt Disney masterpiece at its best!!!
Love the idea of it being a double disc with all the special effects etc.
Great movie-highly recommend it!!  
Overpriced but that is to be expected with Disney.
Original Theatrical Releasec.
he's designed as a Zundapp Janus micro-car!) is #6 in the Cars 2 "singles" line, and he's a tiny little guy who packs a LOT of "bad" into his little frame!  
Also, the characters (especially Sully, Mike, and little Boo) are really likable, while the animation is spectacular and extraordinarily detailed.
Better than I thought it would be.
The race scenes are dynamically shot the same way you would see a big NASCAR race with gravel, debris, smoke and skid marks looking real.
The Porters are suddenly English in this version (American in the ERB novels and almost everywhere else).
Overall score 4/5 (for its intended audience)
It has enough features to keep the kids interested for a while.
In Pinocchio's innocence and naivety, the stage is set for nearly everything else to come to prominence, from Jiminy's efforts to keep the puppet under control to Honest John's scheme to use that same puppet as a cash reward.
Thanks to the reviewers who pointed this out.
I found it hard to maintain my interest like with all of Monty Python offerings.
These limitations make it impossible for me to enjoy the bonus features.  
but it did not last long.
I love the animation when  Marlin and Dori are above the surface of the water!
it's not a typical board game, and seems like it'd be more fun.
It didn't have teeth it came with just a smile.
There's also Eloise's nanny, played by the amazing Julie Andrews.
to me this movie is boring and I did not see out of screen action.
Who ha ha ha...
During opening titles we hear the stereo mix of Bobby Darin's "Mack the Knife," a song recorded in 1959.Stempel, who was 29 in late '56, married wife Toby in 1954, yet in the film their infant son is a child of about 10.
It's a show you can count on!
There wasn't that much singing (for a Disney movie), and it was mostly just swimming... and swimming... and swimming.
Blu-ray brings out parts of the movie that we never noticed before!
This is a fun movie with lots of laughs, a little bit of drama, a little bit of history and a lot of adventure.
The acting in this movie was great - Michelle Pfeiffer did a great job.
And he gets flustered a lot.
One of the best Disney Pixar movies ever made.
There is so much to love about this flick.
This is super cute and I think the quality is exactly what is needed for a toddler bed.  
You don't need to own a coon-skinned hat to appreciate these wonderful films.
The colors, the love, the silliness -- the sharks!!!
So sell it, use it as a coaster, target practice, whatever.
My granddaughter played the VHS so frequently that it soon bit the dust.
This film, however, explodes with production values.  
You won't be disappointed.
The DVD and the case were both in great condition!
Should have done it much earlier!
I remember watching the GOTJ cartoon on Cartoon Network back in the 90s, and seeing the 1st George of the Jungle movie when I was 2 years old at the movies, it was the first film I saw in a theater
The clothes are of good quality and hold up well in the wash for accidental spills!
It's nice and big and very squeezable.  
'The Pearl of Wisdom' is a great story about the meaning of true wealth.
To win the game, you have to get enough jewels to fill up your bracelet, tiara, and ring.
Two thumbs up!
This hasn't kept the bumpers from doing they're job for me though.  
Why is Ariel so obsessed with humans?
Not for the tenderhearted, but then it is set in the time of the Vikings.
really funny and love the use of color in all  Wes Anderson movies!!  
And it certainly didn't disappoint.
I'd always thought of Pinocchio as being a rather short movie but at 88 minutes it's actually one of the longest Disney feature animations.
Really held his attention...he LOVES cars!
my three year old loves nemo
It has charachter not seen in current movies.  
It will be returned.
I'd say it runs a bit small.
The only good thing about this retched sequel was the opening animated cartoon opening, that's it!
I was a little irked with myself when I got the dvd and realized it was in full screen format.  
The special features are also awesome and VERY fun!
I have a passive 3D set and the 3D effects are terrific!
Also, the arm holes in the wedding dress are ridiculously small.  
I know that many will balk that I even bring it up, but this is a kid's movie and yet you have a man chasing after Tarzan with a knife who eventually hangs himself.
In an article from the Observer and also other news reports, Mike Wallace and "60 Minutes" executive producer Don Hewitt was misrepresented, that the two actually fought hard for the interview to air and did not cave to CBS' demands that easily.  
ALICE IN WONDERLAND is a story about a young girl who grows bored listening to her older sister read aloud from a history book about William I of England.
It gives a new edge to a very delightful film.
This movie will not disappoint you.
We don't fully understand the nature of dreams, so we contemplate upon them.
but I decided not to and keep it in
It worked great first time, which hasn't always been my experience with waffles.
Strength of Character6.
Then as we are doing the puzzle the paper has started to separate from the card board puzzle piece on several of the pieces.  
I recommend this movie to everyone.
Don't judge a book by its cover!
I give this movie 2 thumbs up.
What a great story about finding out that what is on the inside is what matters the most.
It has a good message and they deliver it in such a fun and adorable manner.
Sydney and her emotional struggle between work and her family.
i wasn't sure about this movie but it turned out to be pretty good.
Yes, I said it: The movie is sexist.
Douglas Adams deserves it.
Guess who gets stuck with the kid and has to find a way to get her back to the human world?Pixar have always been good at balancing the edge between kid-friendly and adult-oriented, and never more so than in this movie.
It is a good thing these are on disc...we'd have worn a vhs or tape player or both out we've watched Elfego Baca so much!
And in watching the three-strip transfers of "Meet Me in St Louis" and "The Adventures of Robin Hood", I never had a "That doesn't look right" reaction.
This seller's description was accurate and I'm glad I ordered from him.
What more could a parent want in a kid's toy?
These decorations are exactly as advertised.
He, with the reluctant aide of his older sister, then rounds up his friends and ultimately proves to them that something is not right and they all decide to get to the bottom of it.  
It's almost like having a spiritual journey without going anywhere (haha)
While undercover in France, Sydney discovers Vaughn in the basement of a private residence and smuggles him back to the agency.
(And if I ever meet Robert Redford, that's the one question I HAVE to ask him ... )
Each Palace Pet comes with a tiara and a brush for her tail.  
Amazon made my Christmas shopping easy & fast.
I would buy her again.
Lightning must do Community Service before he can get on his way.
An Elephant Never Suspects: When peanuts go missing at the local zoo, a bull elephant names the Rangers as the culprits.
I decided to replace my old dvd with the new blu-ray version of this movie.  
She immediately loved it.
Such a great movie!
Somehow I can even envision her in the sound booth speaking into a mic with her facial expression as she speaks Dory's lines.
Probably not worth reviewing a toy that is now so old.  
Same problem - thin piece of plastic was all that was holding it on.
He's had it for a few months now, but it immediately started showing signs of wear.
Some overreliance on plot in Rushmore is the main bug of the film for me.
These are men who probably would never have met in life if it had not been for the dilemma that drew them together.
Love conquers all in the end.  
A good movie that combines a very good story line, topics of discussion for your family, very funny, and a classic among many people.
This will never be called a great movie, but it is a good, "family friendly" romp.
But during the time that "Peter Pan" was being developed by Walt Disney, suffice to say that "Peter Pan" was a story that captivated many readers and those who watched the play during the first half of the 20th century.
I think it is really well done, and a funny story that adults can watch too
The audio is 7.1 DTS-HD, very clear and engaging.
Just check out the sharp ends of his fur to see what I mean.
My kid loves this movie.
The late Bob Mitchell also used to play the organ at ball games.
Did the Disney company crop the frame to get it to fit 1.85:1?  
Found the DVD on amazon.com, bought it, and gave it to myself as a late Birthday gift.
The size is perfect for a regular size bath tub!
Even though Cars is only about my 7th Most Favorite Pixar flick, it's a top 3 Pixar Blu-ray.  
We had this on pre-order forever.
My children love the movie too!
Finding Nemo..as well as many other Pixar films, is why Pixar is the King of CGi..
Oh yes, and I guess some of you might want to know they rescued Jack Sparrow.
For those of you debating about seeing this movie, take my advice and avoid this "shame"!
I got this one because he said alot more, However the only disapointment is, after he says to infinity and beyond, there is no music, like the first one, My grandson does miss that, but he loves this too.
Shes a huge Toy story fan along with her 4 yr old sister who's heart was broken that She did not get the same.
Sally has made a great addition to his collection.
This is a good film in the action genre and more than that, because these men show themselves to be men of honor, courage and, when necessary, guile and wisdom.
This toy looks just like Mickey on TV and is very well-made.  
Jerry Orbach does a great version of it.  
You definitely must have this film for your collection.
I don't know what but it lacked something.  
He also spoke at least English and French with fluency, and could speak in complete sentences, something that most movies (including this one) never seem to want to take on.
and to grow up to be a big handsome stagg .
She loved it and so does the rest of the family.  
I wish they made them all in one set like Fraggle Rock but at $9.99 each this will work!
He is fully articulated and easy to stand in multiple positions.  
My 4 year old loves her new pet.
I bought this for my 3 year old granddaughter and both she and her mother, who remembers seeing it in a theater when she was little, thought it was wonderful!
Sound EffectsChip's Challenge: Musical Memory GameBeauty and the Beast Music Video Performed by Jump 5Mrs.
But know it will be a hit.  
These dress up shoes are cute but they are quite small and just fit my 4 year old who is a size 10 - doubt she'll still be able to wear them for more than 6 months or so.
I'm not talking pigmentation, though, but rather the depth of the plot and characters.  
He just didnt really seem to do anything.  
My oldest child loves this movie and will often watch it weekly.  
This is the Helinor doll to get for anyone who loves Brave and wants the dolls.
This is not one of the more popular Disney movies and I never understood why?
There is no pocket for keepsakes, but I can add my own.
Tom Hollander is a fantastic villain and he plays his role without the slightest bit of ham.
I still have a VCR player.
Also, once again they put in a whole second disc just for special features (which I always love).  
Their relationship has always held a special place in my heart.
5 out of 5 stars
The puzzle dividers don't stay in place.
The forest scenes are surreal and beautifully lit.
Packaging was all funked up too.  
this is back when disney acutaly made a great show.
Children's movies can't get any better than this.
Click on `See all my reviews' for the lowdown on other 3Ds
I bought this for my grandson's 4th birthday because he wore the first one out.
It still leaves plenty of room for me to shower unobstructed.  
My Neighbor the Yamadas directed by Takahata is a very humorous and refreshing film.
Condition was excellent.  
He loves his Perry!!!
It is funny and emotional.
My son requested for me to buy which will be okay
yes i would this is a good person or group to buy from.
Was lucky enough to see this movie before I bought it.
The seams held up well with my 6 year old and her 3 year old brother, even though he is floppy, just like the movie would imply.  
As an arts student learning maya, I loved the animated and storyboard feature.  
they should make a series with most if not all the same actors.  
If you love Tim Allen you will love Home Improvement.
Well time kept passing me buy,and i finally decided to buy this,and i am happy i did,now i can watch this movie anytime i want,if you have not seen beauty and the Beast,all i have to say is where have you been?My favorite part of the movie,as i know it's probably almost everyone's favorite part,is when they both come down the stairs,and begin dancing.
Light fun, but definitely not too light.  
it wasn't the craziness of all the characters Alice meets -- the "draw" was the animation of Alice herself, so beautifully and gracefully done.
I HAVEN'T SEEN THE SECOND
If you want it, you should get that one as well.
My husband loves this movie so when it re-released in 3D I had to get it for him...he now loves it more.
Has the first half of season 2.
But I still highly recommend getting both sets.
I even get to make up songs about about it!!
Its definitely a great kids movie
I love this movie, to me it is one of the classics, there is just enough humor for kids and adults so everyone can enjoy watching it together.
I will not be buying this simply because I already have the original release, which suits me fine.
My only complaint is that they are cheaply made.
Worthwhile and thoughtful, but extremely slow-moving. .
Why do I think that is where it will remain until we conduct our twice-a-year Salvation Army purge?I know that the Disney Princesses will appeal to may young children; therefore, this might be nice to pick-up for a holiday party, birthday party, etc.
And the mice!
Worse, Webby gets lost in the outback.  
My daughter play using other character I her castle.
n my opinion, Pixar can do no wrong when it comes to storytelling.
The Blu-ray picture is notably more colorful than the DVD, which had a somewhat muted look.
You can see the heart of the film worn on its sleeve."Isn't
Even John and Michael trip over themselves to hop aboard.
Enjoyed watching it.  
This is another fantastic pixar flick with very funny references adults will appreciate.
It's worth it!
Both Arthur and his friend escape the ship that they hitched a ride on, and end up in another spacecraft where they run into Trillian and her companion (played by Sam Rockwell).  
I am now quite a bit older, and I bought these to watch with my 8 year old.
You will love the simplistic yet pure feeling you get from watching this film/series.
She has never seen it.
Gaston is about to deliver the coup de grace, but the Beast sees that Belle has come back to him.  
Poor peter is stuck in a childhood that never ends.
Color was fabulous!
But I honestly can't recommend this one.
Having Anne Hathaway and Julie Andrews return for the 2nd film made it so much FUN!  
This is an awesome movie.
Ursula, a sea witch, tricks Ariel into becoming human after Ariel falls in love with a prince she saved when his ship wrecked.
"Monsters, Inc." isn't content to just entertain children, or stop at a happy ending.  
This features syncs the movie with an app in your laptop or ipad and you can watch the movie while additional information appears in the computer.
This episode features a rousing musical number and is a fan favorite!  
I know that this is a very loosely-based adaptation of the book but Walt Disney wasn't going for accuracy, at the time, he knew what Walt Disney was facing as a company and he needed to create films that were big box office hits and having to tailor it to an audience who have been used to prior Disney-style of animation and storyline and family friendly has always been Disney's focal point.
I love Thumper's "If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all.
BAMBI what a wonderful movie it will b e showen  generation after generation  old and young enjoy it.
When Geppetto discovers his wish came true, he's delighted.
It is for sure more entertaining than the average kids movie.
and if you are a dog lover you will probably enjoy this movie.  
My daughter will watch it over, and over, and over, and then switch to Brother Bear 2, another excellent movie with Dr. McDreamy- Patrick Dempsey as the voice of the Indian/bear.
Why not let us see his shock and anguish as closely as possible?
i love it alot.
I couldn't have asked for a better fit if we'd tried it on in a store first.
So the minute I saw this I picked it up, hoping that I could pick up the next part of the season...only it never came out.
Still we wanted to be happy but:One week later-1.
I'd recommend to all.
One of my fav movies of all time.
We've enjoyed it in the past and haved shared it with others on movie nights.
For what it's worth the movie is terrific!  
This collection weaves all six of the 2 three part TV shows into 2 movies.
This one will be a long term favorite.
The idea behind this is so genius, and the end, was truly a happy end.
The little wooden boy has the naivety of someone born yesterday because he literally was born yesterday.
Good price, nice item.
Our grand daughter just thought the world of this little doll.  
Also great for adults-especially in Vegas!
I don't know about you but when I think of Pixar's "classics" rarely is Cars the first to come to mind.  
This is not exactly Edgar Rice Burroughs' Tarzan; it's been Disney-fied.  
Colors are bright and beautiful.  
My 2 and 4 year old children love their Tigger toy....he says / sings a LOT, including a Criss/Cross-sounding hip hop tune that's very catchy --  and the jumping and head movement is engaging & cute -- and interactive.
great movie love this series that a lot of adventure and action good action and fulike Johny Depp is a fun actor
Check this one out again and you will not be disappointing.
Wendy Darling will leave you wanting more performances from her!  
It's just another slice of Japan; one that I find interesting if bewildering.
Maybe this kind of feature, which is like an audio commentary only very visual, needs a catchy name like "ArchiveVision."
In blu-ray the animation is even more lifelike.
She LOVES Sulley.
It was a best toys I've ever ordered from Amazon.
Wanted to add it to my kids collection of movies and couldn't find it in local stores as it's an older movie.  
the case arrived in great condition as well!
There is a smaller version, but this beats it hands down.  
Was a great movie....enjoyed it all the way through.  
I'd seen this film at the movies when it first came to the silver screen many years ago.
It compliments her Woody doll from Toy Story and she loves to carry them with her to the sofa when she watches the movies.  
Recess Christmas is perfect for Holiday family viewing.
Loved lived loved this movie.  
It is now a dust collector.
Whether you like Menken's style or not, he and Andrew Lloyd Webber are probably responsible for saving the genre and revitalizing the world of the musical.
He has a collection of almost all of them.
Ben & Me appears to be edited for "PC" reasons?, but I'm not all that familar with that cartoon.
My grandkids loved it.
But she is only 2 so she doesn't need it.
From the daylight scenes that showcase the amber oranges to the winter scenes that show the whites and blues, to the night-time and more ominous and darker scenes, blacks are nice and deep but yet you can still see detail where shadows are present on objects.  
Watch over & over again.
The puzzle was cool too - for a 2 year old i'm hoping we'll a lot of play time with it.
Brings back some good memories of Saturday morning cartoons.
I dont know what you all mean, this is the best one.
This is a great movie!
I am extremely satisfied with this product and will definitely buy from this seller again.
If Bongo was shorter, if the ventriloquist was completely absent, and if there was more connection between the shorts, then this would be great; 4 star, maybe even 5.
Wes Anderson has always been a tricky director for me.
There are a lot of great extras including deleted scenes and a brand new documentary that lets you choose what path you want to take, quite unlike anything I've seen before.
We watched the Muppet Show on TV and loved the show.
Adults will enjoy the humor too.
These are okay, quality isn't that great.
The movie was packaged securely.  
This lunch looks nice and my five year old loves it.
I watch Monsters Inc. with my son and wife all the time.  
The stand-outs are the excellent, largely unknown actors portraying the intrepid band of North-men dispatched on a quest to vanquish the evil Wendol (who are tormenting a neighboring kingdom).
Despite Crystal's comedic presence, Goodman anchors this movie with his hulking and massive but ultimately sensitive and caring character, well, at least a good part of the time.
Comforter is lightweight (not too light).
I have little boys and I did not appreciate the overall language and attitude of the film.
And Peter Pan will leave you wanting more adventures!This movie will not disappoint you!  
That's about it.
Episode 21 opens with them stripping; the camera pans out after they're partially undressed.
The extras on these sets are getting a little thin too, but what is here is appropriate for the collection.
My 5 year old son and I watched this together.
These puzzles do teach them teamwork and they have fun together.
Later seasons seem to get a little more implausible indicating the writers are struggling.
The Story Behind the Story - (25:41) A featurette about the making of Disney films such as "Cinderella", "The Lion King", "Pocahontas", "The Jungle Book", "Sleeping Beauty", "Mulan" and "The Hunchback of Notre Dame".  Presented in standard definition, a featurette that was included on the 2002 DVD hosted by Celine Dion.*
but this was completely different.
Chanel is a mixture of several Hispanic cultures.
The film was an amazing success as the film which cost $25 million to make had made over $377 million dollars worldwide and the film was also the first animated film to be nominated for an Academy Award for Best Picture (note: The second was 2009's "Up") and was successful in blending traditional animation with CG.And now the popular animated film receives its first release on Disney Blu-ray and receives a "Diamond Edition" release.  
They were great for that.
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs took Walt Disney and his studio from short subjects into the much more prestigious world of feature films.
We need more movies of this caliber.
He is ridiculed for the panic.
I really enjoyed the movie.  
This is a great movie.
great followup to the first movie, I recommend it as a great, fun family movie.
Would buy and watch anytime!!
Chick saves village.
He would have had a lovely time with this concept though.
From the extras on the DVD I gather that this was mostly added in by CGI, but it's still a credit to both actors and special effects teams.
Just what I was looking for.
Dory's got short term memory loss, which is a serious medical disorder; Darla is a loud, ugly, stupid little girl who can't take a hint after the first time she shook her fish in a bag.
Belle nurses him back to health and thanks him for saving his life.  
(Coz, ya know, a movie about a guy sneaking into a young girls bedroom is one EVERY kid should see!
Monstropolis emerges as a fully fleshed out dimension uncannily mirroring our own - even up to the minute, with the simultaneously uproarious but sobering scene where a monster returns from the human dimension with a child's sock stuck to his back and he is manhandled (monster-handled) by decontamination crew members.
We can't wait to see the new one that they're planning.
i got this for my niece for christmas and she put this dress on immediately it fit her very well and she looked great in it.
Its yet another way of disney adding quality and value to an already excellent product!
A lot of it is sad and a lot of it also makes me angry because of the takers but it is also fun and I love it all the same.
Still-married Jack and Irina kiss on one of their missions and probably sleep together (it has a surprising twist).
Super cute - my 2 yo daughter loves this Minnie Mouse, and it is a great price for being as big as it is.
What a beautiful transfer from a wonderful Disney classic movie.  
This is a classic movie that I have always loved!
The 5.1 surround sound puts viewers in the middle of the action with excellent audio effects, touching dialogue, and a bombastic musical score.
This will do until then.
She said they realized there was a large batch that weren't working right.  
Granddaughter was thrilled receiving this along with a Rapunzel doll under the Christmas tree.  
He gets arrested and is sentenced, against will and ego, to repave the damaged street.
You wont want to be deprived of a single episode; especially since every episode adds a new dimension to the ever twisting tale of government intelligence agencies battling to get the upper hand.
These are classics that I watched when I was a kid and now my boys (ages 3 & 1) Love them already, we have all three volumes.
The biggest problem is that THERE ARE NO SONGS FROM THE SHOW & NO CHARACTER VOICES.  
I ORDERED THIS DOLL FOR MY 2 YR OLD NEPHEW.
All in all though this is an exciting action packed second season that almost lives up to the first season.4/5Be sure to to check out:Armadillo & Sands: Intellectual Properties at Work!
The bottom also blows up, so it keeps soft for the baby to sit on.
so I would recommend this.
I was excited to see Mel Gibson's "The Patriot" (2000) which is supposedly based on the same character, but the filmmakers spoiled it by adding unhistorical material simply for the sake of emotional effect (such as the British burning down a church full of civilians, which in reality would have gotten them in extreme trouble with their officers).
This movie is one the three best - and I think only best animated movies - produced by Disney in the last years.
I love everything about this movie!  
My best friend's youngest ones are at the age where they just love Pooh and all his Pals.  
The item was listed as good condition, but when I received it, the outer box was all mangled and torn; not exactly what I would call good condition.
Sadly this version doesn't features as many special features as one would hope for but it nonetheless delivers the fantastic film that we all come to love.
The movie was released during the period where Disney was relentlessly releasing masterpieces and ultimately building up the reputation it is now so famous for.
My son was thrilled and prefers it over the plastic ones because it is larger and I am sure because it is obviously nicer lol..
B51.Dirty Rotten Diapers - The Rangers try to bust a criminal who looks like a baby and has set up a series of robberies through a fake adoption agency.  
Never had much interest in seeing this sequel since the previews looked so dumb, but I'm glad I let a friend talk me into it.
Drawn To Naturec.
So I'm thinking that the problem is the digital media of Blu-Ray, even though it's high-def is not able to handle the dark brown lines against any brown-based back (flesh, brown fur, tan).
I had to reorder another one with Mickey already.
It came even with the 3d.  
The other full size dresses you can get are typically WAY too big for a 2 year old and they end up tripping all over themselves if they try to wear it.  
The packaging was easy to work with.  
My daughter loved this movie!
Great graphics and plot - even the adults like it :)
First is the quality of the songs, and their integration in the plot.  
We love everything Pooh.
I have not seen Alice In Wonderland for many, many, many, years.  
brings lots of joy.
I have all of these on DVD, and wanted to get them all on Blu-ray and I found this at a great price and I like all the how much better the sound and picture is over basic DVD.
I go to the parks every month and now I can trade pins there.
Music Video - (3:26) A music video featuring Jordin Sparks singing "Beauty and the Beast".
and I bought this unknowingly thinking I had requested in my search only Used DVDS.  
Great movie for children and adults.  
it was only $24.50 from the Disney Store, so be careful of people charging too much for it.
A little of this goes on far too long and ceases to be a source of amusement.  
I love Johnny Depp, perfect fit for his role as Captain Jack Sparrow!
I love her.
We really never look at the extras (nothing against them, it's just that we got this for the feature).
Many actors who have surfaced later in outstanding roles.
We bought this for our 2 year old daughter for part of her Santa gift.  
As for subtitles, "Beauty and the Beast: Diamond Edition" is presented in English SDH, English ESL, French and Spanish.
They are inflatable - I don't know if you can tell that from the picture.  
And for those that don't know what its like to have a 3D movie or TV, it really is good.
The elastic harness Velcros, so it's safe and it's gives a small 1/4" adjust-ability to their size.
...I think this film deserves two ratings--one good, one bad.  
There's Nothing like a Disney Classic.  
Disc one features 18 shorts including the 7 Alice's Wonderland that have survived the past 80 years.
I enjoy the musicas well as the story..  
I'm troubled by the depiction of native americans though.
Of course no matter what your age, I'm sure you've at least heard of Disney's classic movie.  
You wouldn't expect to find such attention paid to classic Disney "package" films like this one.
Synopsizes come from Marvel Animation Age & Wikipedia.39.  
Also the fireworks Christmas greeting at the end of VHS one.
Rancho Palos Verdes, Redondo Beach, Palmdale Regional Airport, Palmdale, California.
To me, the film was almost a mirror of what I was feeling at the time, depressed, angry, "in love", etc.
The tape was brand new and in great shape I let a friend 's 2 year old grand child watch it
It plays good and the cover is in descent condition.
"Inside Walt's Story Meetings" reveals the collaborative work between Walt Disney himself and many other studio executives as actors and current Disney experts narrate the actual conversation that took place more than sixty years ago set against key scenes in the film as they play out on screen.  
I had not seen this since its original theatrical run.
It's also a fairly realistic portrayal of how a newly-enlarged child would react to his surroundings (everything is a toy) and the special, painstaking care the police and military have to employ to contain Adam safely.  
I kind of expected it, though.
You see my son (two years old at the time) loved to watch it.
One of his fins--known as his "lucky fin" is underdeveloped because of the pre-natal barracuda attack.
Good Luck Fans!
With Disney it is pretty much a known item, so as long as the product is in good condition, it is a winner.
Just figured I would mention it because another review was really upset by this.
Annie and John (Julie Walters and John Alderton) are a happily married couple until John is stricken with lukemia.  
The studio goes through the motions, which makes for a more-than-decent facsimile, but in the end it doesn't feel as complete and engaging as their other masterworks.
I've been wanting to get this movie on DVD for ages, but never did.
This is actually my third version of The Little Mermaid because Paige keeps watching them to the point of destruction!
i just know that as a rule, films of way back then that purported to dramatize historical events generally feel more like the dry sort of film recitiation designed for elementary schools than the sort of films that aim Art or Entertainment.moreover, unpleasant or unflattering elements of the character being depicted had a way of being swept under the carpet.
Highly recommended!  :)
A man who used to work for a tobacco company suffers professionally and personally after blowing the whistle on their fraud and deception of the public regarding nicotine.  
The sound was pretty good too.
I am big no am small I am big
It will always be a favorite of mine, and every child should watch it.
Sofia is not standing on any kind of base, and stands firmly on the shelf when she's put there.
Or borrow it and watch those three scenes.  
Some of this has to do with being perhaps a bit to reverent towards that material, as if supposing Adams had his eye on some kind of wonky grand design instead of just applying his keen comic mind to a zero-budget radio program.
As I'm taking it apart again, it starts spinning by itself.
She dug through and found the outfit she liked most (happened to be in a Cinderella mood I guess) put it on and didn't want to take it off.
I love this movie because it is so fluid the animation and the story is beautiful (even though it changed the original tale of The Little Mermaid, but they do have reason why).
"Finding Nemo" is a new classic for both the Mouse House and Pixar and continues to charm children of all ages.
This is one of my favorite movies of all time.
My son and I really like this movie and trail watchiton his own when I am doing dishes or homework
These are movies that adults would enjoy even with out the influence of kids.
The characters are kewl, the story is neat, and the music is awesome.  
Good quality  and washes up nice easy to care for
In the original "The Little Mermaid" the story is very depressing and negative and the prince was a jerk.
I love the idea of shape-shifting tanukis.
The written story is completely mutilated so Disney can sell products and candy.
Well enough said,if you don't have this film I highly recommend you get it!
But, this movie is not only a comedy.
Buliwyf (Vladmir Kulich) is the new king and a great warrior.
My daughter liked it, but I found it for $10.
The rest were just colored bracelets, but that was ok with me!
Both versions come with a digital copy included.
That's a far more powerful message than most children's films have to offer these days.
The children of the animators give their perspectives on growing up around the Disney studio and provide a lovely and, by the end, emotional, tribute to this extraordinary group of creative artists.
They look as if they are child-pleasing and once given to him
It's pretty nice and soft.
Interesting look into the Viking culture and society.
These monster trucks now go EVERYWHERE with us!
We will use the Kalencomm 2 in 1 Potette
For this price it is okay doll.
(a joke so stupid that you just can't help but chuckle).
Unfortunately, everything was much smaller than we expected.  
Or maybe I'm just a big ol' sucker for musical Montages.
The Ice Cream truck stickers are already peeling (after a couple hours of play), but that isn't his favorite anyway
In the same episode Sydney and Michael infiltrate a "sex club," and she lures a man into a back room by pretending to be a S&M; girl.
I am told they make these same ones on their cruise ships.  
how could you not love tarzan??
"I also wonder why James Hong is not in this film - he's in every other films that has elderly Chinese fellows, going all the way back to The Sand Pebbles of 1965.
Now I feel like watching it again.
i'd like to just throw it in the washer but overall it is a nice piece and good price and arrived quickly.
Oh well, it's only a story.
Watch this movie, you will enjoy it.
But I knew someday I'd have a DVD player, and would start buying movies.  
It has everyone you need to have lots of fun.  
It has all of the extras included in earlier releases, and even more - including a filmmaker's roundtable, a tour of the Tokyo Disney's Monsters, Inc. ride, a new game, and even more!OK, if that's not clear enough, let me put it this way:
Disney Time Capsule: 1942 The Year of Bambi5)
Our baby loved this Pooh Bear.
If there was a positive message here, I failed to see it.  
We dont use it anymore.  
The character is supposed to be 21 but she still acts like she did at 15.
Sitka complies, and Koda is reunited briefly with the spirit of his mother, before she and Sitka return to the Spirits.
Mickey Mouse toys, DVD's, books, and clothes etc. are all great.
Yet again these critics fail to get it right, fail to earn this keep.
Wish it was indestructible.
The story is great and the video and sound quality are excellent, but why an aspect ration of 1:33 to 1?  
The computer gernerated sequences are as good as any Pixar movie has ever been and the movie as a whole has stood the test of time.  
If only Jim Henson was alive to see how his creation is touching a new generation.  
I think Disney and Pixar movies are great,
In the end, it's a good movie but maybe you as a parent, babysitter or what-have-you, should watch it first to make sure it's alright for the kids.
Not worth the explanations that a 2 year old would demand.
I bought this to compose my Disney characters collection, I work with decorative tables for birthday parties, Goofy met our expectations
I will say that I would not do such a thing.
It came in perfect condition without any flaws.
This platinum edition comes with another disk with games and several other miscellaneous things.
Very lightweight which I like for her room since kids don't usually like weight on them but the fabric is a tad slick/polyester feeling and I wish they made it in a more substantial cotton blend.  
(You get the best scent just under his chin/neck area).
His mother was strong and very responsible in adopting him and making him feel part of the tribe.
I already had it on DVD but wanted to upgrade the blue ray and I'm glad I did.
There is NO doubt about it, Disney is truly without a doubt THE master of taking delightful stories from ones childhood and turning them into amazing musicals.  
Other than that, it's been great.  
The movements are fluid and the backgrounds are wonderful with the classic Italian village architecture.
but then it continues so therefore its ok
We kept ours up for an entire week.  
Before long Lucas learns why Ned did it and falls victim to aiding and abetting him regardless of the consequences.  
The graphics are beautiful, the story is totally interesting...
"Academy Award-Winning Best animated Feature" returns to the big screen for the first time in thrilling Disney Digital 3D.
Love this movie since the first I saw it with my daughter.
It is definitely for dress up only
Enjoyed watching through the episodes again.
I would recommend any new parents to have one, it is safe & babies have lots of fun.
My 3-year-old daughter loves the Palace Pets game, so she found this kitty and Pumpkin the puppy in her stocking from Santa this year.
What can I say I love J.J. Abrams.
He doesnt care!
"But there is no disputing the facts of what Big Tobacco companies tried to hide, one man exposing the truth, a man doing all he can to get his piece to air on television and news that would shock the world.  
Ive always liked this movie that's why I got it
If you don't own the film, then the Blu Ray is the way to go.
Now that I was able to get the movie for $29.
DVD ia Good condition!
My daughter is 3 and this is the first time she has seen the little mermaid.
All the other Toy Story characters of this size do.
Lots of action and adventure with a good story line.
We have watched it many times.
WAS IN GREAT SHAPE
The colors are really true, and are a little bit darker than they were in the previous DVD release (as can be seen when you watch the extra features which were produced for the earlier DVD release and feature color that has been "corrected" into a brighter, more-pastel-ish look).
Didn't get this on amazon but wish I had cause cheaper on here
One of my favorites!
The movie is funny to watch
The music in this movie is fantastic.  
My son loves these, and I guess for a 2 year old, they dont need to be metal, but they are definitely not high quality.
In retrospect, in fact, there are a couple of really good ways to watch this film; both of which are very enjoyable.
He hasn't been able to sit still for long, but it kept his attention the whole time.
This is where the series excelled.
The movie is in fantastic quality, it looks great, and it's still just as funny as before.
My only complaint is that I have to top off the inflation every few uses
Oh, and this is a pretty high price for this toy.  
He invents a machine that turns rain into any kind of food.
Pinocchio is voiced by Dckie Jones, who starred inOLIVER TWISTin 1933.
Exciting and fun for the family to watch.
Sam Rockwell,  Bill Nighy, Def Mos to name a few.  
There has been some color modifications made to this movie but that whole process was done under the strict supervision of the original animators who made Bambi.
I have stopped watching it for awhile.
Catch it any way you can.
I've been looking for a Mickey Waffle Maker for some time and wasn't disappointed.
I like it!
But it wouldn't be a Disney film without a happy ending now would it?
Would recommend it to anyone and everyone.
Lighting McQueen an arrogant, rookie race car is aiming to win The Piston Cup.  
STILL the best Beowulf movie made so far!  
This movie holds many of my childhood memories and everytime I watch it I feel like my inner child comes out again.
Ordered this for my son so he can have some old school Disney movies for when he gets older.
In the hands of the Disney studios it becomes an American one (with skunks, opossums, raccoons, and chipmunks among its inhabitants) and the story becomes more of a tale of growing up than of nature in and of itself.  
im looking to buy the garage set but will not if its made by this Co.
This figurine again has the weird flimsy yellow base.
Indeed, that is a major part of the point, the theme, of this film.  
I was surprised how much better this show was then I remembered.  
I love it and will definitely look for more of my hard to find favorites this way.
Quality toy that will last for years to come and I recommend it
This iron makes great Mickey pancakes.
When british release movie, they generally do go...
we have had it for a while and so far its been a good doll to my three year old.
Sure, you might say, "But there are very few female racers in Nascar."
Problem was that it took a number of years for hi to get the rights from Great Ormond Street Hospital in London, which J.M. Barrie gave the rights to.
Got this for my brother who enjoys the musical part from an adult level.  
I appreciated remembering the funny scenes and the fact it had a Disney Movie Rewards code.
My daughter doesn't care too much since she's 3, but it bothers me that the quality is so poor.
This one as well.  
The special features includes music videos from the film and trailers of other great Disney favorites on DVD.
I decided to try this one and I was pleasantly surprised!  
One of Banderas BEST PERFORMANCES, along with the first ZORO and his role in "THE FLIGHT OF THE FALCON".  
I was go glad to see it go back on the shelves in time for xmas.....Adults and children will all love Nemo........just keep swimming....just keep swimming.
I have always been an avid reader of history, but it is still surprising to me how many stories we have never heard about.
It wraps up each character nicely and introduces some new ones.
Sure she stands up to people, but all her dreams of escaping from the area are kind of thrown away when she agrees to become a prisoner at the castle.  
Actually the answer to that one is a surprising yes.  
This cartoon from Disney brings back good memories.  
To be honest, I feel this movie only deserves 3.5/5 stars, but since I can't give half-stars, I'll just give a 4.
Between Martin Freeman being the perfect every man to Sam Rockwell going deliciously over the top, I thought it was Fantastic.
Finally they released this in 3D.  I enjoyed this film before and enjoy it even more in 3D.  All the laughs and scares jumping out at ya.
A very nice looking steelbook, high quality and a very nice done steelbook with the Disney classic Pinocchio, one of the most beutiful steelbooks on the market, highly recommend to have it in your steelbook collection
The shorts are theatrical adaptations of films from 1999 including The Truman Show, Armageddon, and Out of Sight.
i love the entire collection.
It is about how Jews living in Denmark were smuggled over to Sweden to escape the Nazis.
There are fun and exciting moments too, including a part with a shark, but there were also times when I felt I didn't get enough info.
We have twin girls and always give them baths together.. but as they got older it was getting harder and harder because they would slip around in the tub..
Recommend this if you like a twist to science fiction.
(Better go knock on some wood).All in all - The kiddo will probably LOVE it.
I enjoy it myself when I am watching with them.
loves this lunch box and the puzzel inside.
Now it is re-released in blu-ray splendour you can relive it's magic again and again.
The music alone is haunting and the 12 Viking warriors are a delight .
Any Cars fan witll love them!
The transfer is average, I like the movie, but there is virtually nothing on here but the movie.
We got this for her third Birthday!
To me this movie was one of the first "modern" Disney fairy tales that ushered in a new whole new generation of animated features.
They get most of the funny stuff even thought it is a generation behind.
My son tends to sit further back on the seat, so he can use a hand to aim his pecker down while urinating (his baby sitter has ingrained this procedure on him).
this little guy is awesome, hes from Tangled and his name is Pascal, hes put together very will
My 2 1/2 year old grandaughter was distracted by Edgar Bergen & Charlie McCarthy but she LOVES Mickey Mouse & the gang!
She loves the movie and she absolutely loves this doll.
No fraying, no fading.
If you asked yourself could a CGI (or any) animation match the stunning natural beauty of an ocean reef, the answer is yes.
She is now 18 but if it's on TV she will watch it over and over throughout the Holiday season.  
THE WHOLE FAMILY ENJOYED IT BECVAUSE OF THE FEED BACK I GOT FROM THE PARENTS,
Regardless of these tiny concerns the film looks amazing and is just a sight to behold.
A Disney classic for so many reasons.  
I recommend it.
I watched this growing up and so did my husband.
As for the toy itself, it is a soft plush toy and is light-weight for small kids to be able to play with.
and I'm onboard with the sentiment, just not too crazy about the sledgehammer approach belaboring the message.  
thank you to the seller for a grand overall experience in all areas.
My daughter barely plays with them and if I had to do it again I would have saved my money.
Lumiere, Cogsworth (a clock) and Mrs. Potts (the tea pot, of course) try to get Beast to control his temper and be nice to the girl, hoping that she will fall in love with him and break the spell.
And the movie is very close to the book, which I like and which does not happen often enough.  
If children see this funny but serious movie, then they will be apt to practice great ethical skills.
The Story Behind Fun And Fancy FreePreview TrailersI. Walt Disney Gold CollectionII.
I'm concerned about the way the lid is attached and told her to be careful.
I was so excited the day this came I put it in.
A great expedition into the unknown and magical world of Wonderland.
This tells how Chip & Dale met Monterey Jack, Gadget & Zipper, as well as their first encounters with Fat Cat & Professor Nimnul.  
You attend a movie for psychological truth, for emotion, for the heart of a story and not its footnotes.
Like to watch Johnny Depp, he made the movie fun to watch.
I loved it as a little girl and my children love it too.  
The former provides great musical numbers & the latter always cracks me up.  
Our kids grew up on the VHS version and it is still a favorite.  
Who doesn't want to occasionally imagine being able to chuck our adulthood away and return to the so called carefree days of childhood?
I love this it is the perfect size for my frozen care package I am putting together for a dear friend
John Shea plays the film's villain and Lloyd Bridges plays a kind, empathic rich guy.
LESTER ALREADY HAD THE PLUSH WOODY
this movie is about 6 years later then the first movie.  
She loves it and it is a great year round comforter.
In any description of the movie you'd be told it's about the quiz show scandals of the 1950's.  
Well worth the few dollars if you like adventure and larger-than-life heroes.
Our boys love it.  
You will not be disappointed.
This was before Christmas, so the purchase was a no-brainer..  
My son has been enjoying his cars.
Loved the first one, it will be a Christmas present so we won't find out until afterwards if it is as good as the first movie.
For those with a compatible 3D TV - do not miss out on this release!
Even pushing buttons to hurry it up, it takes forever staring at blank screen.
Watching this movie brings back good memories; hence, that is the reason I gave it such a high rating.
If you wish upon a STar I in this movie..Can the wood boy stay out of trouble of being alive.
But luckily I didn't because I didn't want to wait a month to receive this unlike what I did when I got Little Mermaid and Ratatouille.
The restoration is incredible.
Thank you so very much!I LOVE this cute and musical classic, and I'm so happy I can enjoy it with my son!GREAT in every way!
We felt like they should be stood on a shelf rather than played in an imaginary way.  
Didn't enjoy the movie and it was pretty easy to guess what would happen next.
BEAUTY and the BEAST is nice...
When I was a kid, I actually had nightmares because of some scenes from the film.
Jojo's CircusDisc 2 PreviewDisc 2Deleted Scenes1) Winter Grass2)
See, I've always been into the art of animation & nobody did it better than the classic Disney artists.
this doll is beautiful.
If you buy any 3D movies this should be on your short list.  
If you still bow down and worship this film as a great work of art, then nothing I say from this point forward is going to matter.
She has had a couple of accidents in the skirts so they have been thrown into the washer and dried in the dryer and we have had no issues.  
The film is full of scenes in which he discovers new things and learns how to interact with his environment.
and I love the story line just one great life lesson movie
Just unpackage them and hang them up.
This was a gift for my three year old niece and she was all about it.
please adjust this price.
Albert Brooks, Marlin,  plays a great neurotic dad, and Ellen DeGeneres makes her character, Dory, lovable and hilarious.
Opinions are my own**My almost 4 year old daughter LOVES the anything Princess
I love this show, but I especially love this season.  
We also have many grandchildren to enjoy it.
The material is a little thin so we layered with a pair of white long johns and it worked great.
We needed to rewatch this before seeing Monsters University.  
Antonio Banderas did an excellent job as the out-of-place intellectual Arab amidst the Norse Barbaric Savage Warriors in their quest to defeat the evil satanic Eaters of the DeadIts a shame the movie received some poor reviews.
I had seen the movie before and loved it!  
Not an adult movie unless you are kid at heart.  
She was thrilled with it.
As a stand alone film, it is pretty funny and gets the basic gyst.
Seemed like a sturdy puzzle.
With all the magic than old cartoons can provide, this set is really a treasure as its name.
Very cute, well made, love the glitter detail on the accessories.
So for now I can watch the DVD or watch on my computer with the Digital Copy.
Both versions of Cars are hilarious and entertaining!
The documentary is informative and very entertaining with insight and humor told by these two very talented men who formed a life long friendship.
This song is a great addition to the movie.  
My son loves Little Einsteins and really loves making Rocket fly all over the room while the opening credits of the show are on.  
What the world needs is more themes like this one.
It has a time limit: a magic rose is wilting, and someone must love him before the last petal falls.
It got to me really fast too!
It just feels like it drags on and on.
Correct answers are rewarded with "gems" to be placed on tiaras, rings, and bracelets.*My young nieces and their friends were familiar with all of the Disney Princesses so it wasn't too difficult for them to guess the princess identities or provide visual clues to other player to guess which princess she was pretending to be.  
If you get the ring that is suppose to go with it, it makes it even more enjoyable!
Nobody, and he means nobody, is allowed to mess with his baby, a plane he calls the Sea Duck.
Sydney manages to escape but is forced to abandon Vaughn for dead.
Great gift idea and family fun movie night for all.
You won't believe how good it looks.  
Such a sweet movie for the very young and tender hearted.
Even though 2006 might as well be eons ago in the ever-advancing world of computer animating technology, the visuals in Cars still manage to impress (especially in high-definition); a fact perhaps further enhanced by the abundance of heart within the prose.
Purchased this for my 3 year old granddaughter
:) :)
Once again college student Dexter Riley (Kurt Russell), saves the day as Medfield College's bumbling Dean Higgins (Joe Flynn) has lost the confidence of the College Board and is about to lose his job.
These are smaller than I expected, but the kids loved them anyways.
Every actor played their roles superbly in my opinion.
Can't recommend this enough.
As an adult and a parent, it is a thrill to see children creating their own stories and living in their own worlds.
This toy really does work despite a few other people's negative reviews.  
The Blu-ray is 3-D like and very vivid detail and color.
Original Release Trailerb.
He was so excited he got it.
I do love the wand.
My granddaughter has played with this doll for over a year now and it still looks good.
I have enjoyed all of the series and liked where they went.
I just switched his crib to a toddler bed also and he is doing better then I thought he would with the transition.
Lambie is cute and cuddly; it unfortunate that we got a lemon instead of a working and well made Lambie!
Once again not a lot of extra stuff, but a few little tidbits to toggle through.
Still, the movie sparkles with wit and humor.
Be advised that the story is about a Mormon missionary.
The next film is:Pirates of the Caribbean:
Have not been disappointed with this at all.
It's a good sequel to Dead Man's Chest but just way too long for this type of movie.
I bought her for myself and got the deluxe set from the Disney store for my baby girl which includes the bathtub, the bubbles, Sebastian and the pink nightgown).  
My first and favorite Disney movie finally got the 3d treatment it deserves!
Sadly, we had to bring it back the next day because the music box is so cheap it was broken in a few hours.  
****
The villain, Gaston, matches the movie's style and message.
Of course he is defeated by Tarzan with a little help from his friends the gorillas and an elephant they befriended as a baby.
My whole living room would have been clean.
They fit in her small hands nicely.
It is on the second fatal assault that Ahmad discerns that their rivals are not unholy creatures of hell but flesh and blood... which means they can be killed.
She enjoys other puzzles and loves Disney princesses so I thought she would be into this.  
Overall, I highly recommend this movie to Disney Fans all over the world!
It was a Christmas gift for my niece .Couldn't
And while you at that, do yourself a favor and get also while you can Aladdindeluxe doll while you still can because they are replacing him with a village cheapdoll just like in this case.
Sadly, for a good 8 years, I've had to put up with the Touchstone DVD of this movie.
I view it as a coming of age film for windy.
I couldn't get enough of the unarmed cargo plane, the 'Sea Duck' winning countless dog fights against swarms of pirates!
We are holding off on bringing any systems in our home until the youngest of our crew can handle and appreciate all the little parts.  
She showed a strong dependence on Prince Eric.
This is a classic adventure movie, and the blu  ray quality is very good for the price.  
So she was thrilled to get this doll.
If it had been edited down to an hour and thirty five minutes it probably would have played better.
It is so silly that you will have to laugh at it over and over again.  
It has so many good scenes and such interesting conceptsthat I just had to add this to my collection.
Being a swimmer who adores the water, I sympathized much more with her daughter in the sequel!
shipping time was also good.
There is no grip on the floor of the tub.
It has alot of action shows about a person struggles and the survial of one that had lost  everything love friendships and how to stand up to your enemies this is really a great movie thank you
Later in the day Peter Pan rescues Tiger Lily from Captain Hook who wanted her to reveal the location of Peter Pan. Captain Hook eventually does find Peter Pan's hideout and plants a bomb to destroy him.
this review is on the blu ray disc of the movie -movie- 5 / 5video- 5 / 5audio- 5 / 55 star plus really entertaining movie - great video and super audio, top notched.highly recommended for both adults and kids, just get it!!!
The 13th Warrior is grand, escapist action at it's best.
Another thing changed is that cover doesn't have the original poster art which had one of the castle peaks change because this was thought to look like a certain male body part.
She has so much fun in it!!
So, one can easily understand the characters of this film, but also enjoy the adventures of Peter Pan, Wendy, her brothers and the Lost Boys.
I recommend it very highly!!
Thus, by now you'd think that my expectations would be well prepared for what I was about to see with Alice in Wonderland--but no, just seconds into this 60-year-old masterpiece I started to cry.  
Unlike Sitka, who gained the eagle of guidance, and Denahi who gained the wolf of wisdom, Kenai receives the bear of love, much to his objections, stating that bears are thieves.
They are well made and solidly finished.  
I remembered this episode vividly, thinking that this was much better than the Ducktales episode where they met leprechauns.  
Everyone else in this film's either extrutiatingly annoying or just plain pointless; before anybody mentions Bruce the Shark and his Fish annoynmous group, Friz Freleng did it better with the short film, Birds Anonymous, and it was in better taste as well.
Some facts about this movie are quite interesting.
This is the type of movie that should be shown in our schools!
Despite the age of the movie, it still looks clean and crisp in this Blu-ray offering.
Yes it's a little bizarre with the silly characters
I had never seen it before and therefore I had no expectations whatsoever.
I remember seeing this as a child and enjoying it then.
Crowe deserved an Oscar, but actors rarely get the ultimate recognition for an economic portrayal.
We just opened the box so I can't speak to its staying power but I suspect it will be a keeper.
Ok I've already told you about my pseudo-nephew, right?  
he even uses the plastic bag they came in to put them away at night.
paid not much at ALL for this adorable set!didnt realize the hair dryer actually makes noise!
My 3 year old daughter fell in love with it and is so into mermaids now.
However, the pieces are big and easy for her to interconnect.  
Another good childs movie.  
It's a fantastic Pixar movie and Boo is still the greatest character.
This movie is very cute, for me, grandma.  
FANS OF THESE TWO SHOWS NEED TO CALL DISNEY 1800 723 4763 AND REQUEST FOR THE REMAINING EPISODES TO BE RELEASED ON A SECOND TREASURES VOLUME OR LIKE THE RECENT WALT AND EL GRUPO AND THE SHERMAN BROTHERS RELEASES.
Belle is bored with her Provencal little town where nothing changes, reads books of romantic fantasies, and longs for more than "this provincial life."
Also included is a DVD version.
He adapted to using the handles rather quickly.
She loves it.
I have searched for months ( I do not live close to a disney store).
The message as well as the art was very sound.  
Wait a minute.
so I bought it for him, and he carries him around with him everywhere he goes...he just loves the toy!!
The extended edition is...
This company rarely disappoints.
When he finds out that the race is going to be run on an alternative fuel, Fillmore's all in!  
This is yet another Disney classic that is worth sharing with your children and/or grandchildren, but you may have to explain some of the more arcane aspects.
You get all 3 versions of the movie.
My 4 year old loves this doll.
The bear container is fine, it looks good but it is a little bit hard to open for small children.
I had to buy him seperately.  
The story in this film has a nicer arc and just flows better with all the characters growing and developing (well, maybe not Mr. Antlers-In-All-My-Decorating).
As a kid, I didn't pay much attention to "Pinocchio".
Trust me, it will be worth the money.
She also got the Mike plush toy and they seem to be in good scale to one another.
Excellent DVD and arrived in perfect condition.
the box cover shown is really the wrapper of the box...it is not imprinted on the box so we had to cut the cardboard wrapper and glue it to the box so my daughter knew what the puzzle looked like.
So, despite it being listed on the back, it's not included on this Blu-ray release.  
Jessie is a little unsteady but will stand.  
This story of my people (Northern giant blonds) always makes me smile.  
Boy saves village.
This was a great movie, very family based, but it had a good story and lots of funny scenes.
We even watched it again and still love them.  
Sad to see that Knightley and Bloom do not return in the next movie, but overall, a great story, and great ending.
Interesting twist on an old theme.
Although I can see my daughter losing interest in using the cards at some point (she is going through them very quickly and knows the majority of the answers already) right now the excitement is in collecting the jewels for her tiara, bracelet, and ring.
Then this movie is for you.  
I bought this for my 4 year old and I can honestly play this game everyday with her if I had to.
The magic and thrill is still there.
Pooh is classic character and is one that people of all ages love.
As she watched it her younger sister (about 2nd grade) began watching with her.  
A great movie typical of Disney, the good and the bad of life that makes a hero.  
It's fun to see how the various animals are rendered.
Many are the great animated films that the Disney-Pixar partnership has produced and remain popular to this day.
This is definitely hours of fun for us!
I can watch this movie over and over.
We tease her about it all the time, and now she can rewatch the discs as many times as she wants as well as watch the digital copy on the go!
I personally would have kept it in.  
I like the product.
It's a lot harder to convince a teenager that an animated film is worthy of their time since to a teenager the word `cartoon' can mean one thing; `it's for children'.
It all built up to the titanic battle between the Black Pearl and Davy Jones' Flying Dutchman in the eye of a maelstrom.
She has had her make a wish
Glad I got him.
So much so that on at least three occasions gutsy "John Company" captains tricked attacking French warships into withdrawal or even surrender by not just looking like Royal Navy battleships but acting like them.
The 1-4 seasons about the Rumbaluldy story line were fantastic.
Another great Disney.
We love watching this movie at home with our kids.
and they are cute,  
And perhaps above all, the look of the film is a monument to the legendary Disney art director Mary Blair.
This movie is so great.
You can read the story line on Amazon and since these reviews are subjective instead of objective
The performances by the actors are marvelous and well suited for their roles plus the story is just as great.
and no, I am not LDS.
I grew up watching this show & my daughter saw this show from Netflix a couple of years ago & has been asking to watch it ever since.
The humor is fine, but not Pixar's best.  
Disney and Ghibli Studio's created this interesting and wonderful movie that teaches us about what these animals have to go through in life to survive the growing population of humans when they expand into their habitats.
So glad we purchased this set ope we don't wear it out!
Would highly recommend!
I would definitely recommend them!
The Return of the Green Goblin:  Harry Osborn is haunted by dreams of his father, the Green Goblin, and Spider-Man.
I got this for my 5 year old daughter for her Glenda the Good Witch Halloween costume.
However, the sheet is still smooth and soft.
You can also sort by "Most helpful" but look at the date and which version the reviewer is covering.
Product is great!
The sides are nice and wide, so if she does slip (with me right there, of course) she doesn't get hurt because she bounces right off of the sides.
This film has suddenly and unexpectedly entered my present adult world, and vaulted itself to one of my favourite films of all time.
They do this because the sonic vibrations of childrens' screams are the source of their world's power.
Loves all Disney movies, they are all great but her favourites are Cinderella, The Little Mermaid and Sleeping Beauty, I have all three.
I'm not sure whether this or Volume 1 is my favorite.  
My second favorite Disney movie ever (after "The Little Mermaid"), "Beauty and the Beast" has been a favorite of mine since I saw it in theaters in 1991 and later when I bought the VHS in 1992.
It's a great movie.  
Blu Ray is amazing-the sound and picture quality are unbelieveable!The songs of Pge o'hare(Belle)and companyyy sound more gorgeous than ever befofore!!!The Beast roarsyou feel itt~The pictttture quality makes you feels as if you''rre there watching it all happen~Getting back to songs,""Humman Again""-once part of the stage version ONLY-is  now part of the movie!The "Tale As Old As Time"is more timeless thann ever~~~~~An absolute must for your collection.
However, overall it was nice to watch.
Even as an adult I have really enjoyed this movie since it came out.  
This is in my granddaughter's bedroom.  
The little girl and the big fuzzy monster crack me up and they are so adorable.
I had looked at so many before I bought it I must have not looked, or it wasn't posted.
i got 4 my udder bro.
Things get worse when they whole group ends up traveling backwards in time and end up meeting pirates.  
How Sad."You can fool some of the people some of the time, But you can't fool all of the people all of the time."We who love The old Disney films will have to wait a long time for "Song of The South" Disney says it too Racial and the people here in America can't handle it, But they released it on Laser Disc back in the late seventies early eighties in Japan.
The choppy, episodic nature makes it ideal for television and video.
and then the whole leg fell off.
But, at this moment, I beg only to live the next few minutes well.
Third, there are a bajillion tiny little pieces.
And a few to go for Cars then I'm done.
3) His laser gun makes no sounds, shoots nothing, does not spin, and is pretty much useless and un-fun.
It is also great for the parents.
This is such a beautifully animated, classic movie.
Simple graphics but entertaining stories makes it a pleasure to watch.
The acting is fantastic and never gets old and I have watched it many times.  Recommend this movie for families and all ages.
But the Tv and play versions are also twice as long as the Disney one.
Songs are great.
Fantastic story and wonderful casting and writing.
One of the greatest of Disney's animated films finally comes to bluray with a heap of extras.
So when my son kicks the sheet down, the quilt still feels like a sheet.
I would often go around acting out parts.
The majestic Blu-ray version of this popular film includes the movie and some bonus materials in Disc one, additional bonus features in disc two, and the DVD edition on disc three.
When movies like Finding Nemo came out years ago we got to experience how much could be done with this genre.
There is no Play All feature.
I can see a lot of people not getting or appreciating the humor.
I thought that it WAS the toy, lol.
My brother has a bunch of Cars products, but he's never seen the movie.
I also did not notice any linework disappearing as is common with cartoons blasted with noise reduction, so Disney have clearly taken a more careful approach with these classic titles as to ensure no such loss of integrity.
Definitely a good buy with some modification.
I got this for a present for my son, daughter in law and two grandbabies..  
Al Pacino and Russell Crowe bring to the screen the true life moral dilemmas that faced Wigand and Bergman as they faced the enormous pressures of both corporate tobacco and CBS.Pacino and Crowe give excellent performances and they are a good duo, due to their opposite natures.  
If your child likes toy story I would recomend'
The only thing I don't like about this release and the other seasons is the cardboard packaging and overlapping of the DVDs.
For a Hollywood movie made in the 1990's, it uses models, giant props, blue screen photography and little or no CGI.
Very cute, we hung these up for my 4 yr old's birthday.
It's a really good and mature film, and the songs are extremely catchy and really funny.
While both shows deserve their own release, there is no reason to rate this Treasures installment with a low rating.
We were sadly without this classic until Disney opened the vaults and created the new diamond edition.
The only draw back is they keep not taking the shot when they could kill the bad guy in season.  
The love story that develops between Matarazzo and Barry Watson is unrealistic (this whole film is unrealistic, but what else did you expect) but it's expected and so you can't fault it too much (guys and girls cannot coexist without `something' blossoming).  
But i had good deals.
Some of Launchpads episodes are among the best in the whole show, & this is one of them.  
but when we moved to new place last year..they are all lost in somewhere of our gargage..it is a good, fun & cute movie but alittle bit noises for kids, they love them very much too.
I haven't had any problems cleaning other Disney plush dolls and I don't think he will be a problem either.
This movie has a nice story, good humor, and great picture quality.
Well made, has been through the wash a few times and still looks great!
NEW this time is a somewhat interesting documentary "Growing Up With Nine Old Men" produced by Ted Thomas, the son of Disney animator Fred Thomas - one of the 9 artists who worked for Disney from the 1930s on.  
I wanted something she could easily carry and that would appear lovable.
It isn't problematic, but obviously, the quality isn't perfect.
I bought this for my son because he likes the cartoon.
I could watch this section of the movie over and over.*
Story of bookish but beautiful Belle who is aspired to be courted by big-game-hunter Gaston who she is uninterested in.
Told in the form of cartoon sketches (think the Garfield or Cathy comic strips), the film revolves around the Yamada family.
Finding Nemo is a fun adventure for all ages.
The animation plays closely to original and does not make a mockery of it's art deco style.
Like Darkwing Duck, this show was a great combination of cartoon, comedy, and storytelling.
My daughter is a very tiny 3 year old, (less than 5th percentile for weight) and these fit her well with plently of room to grow.  
It's a great plush toy for anyone who is considering buying it!
This is a great family movie with both actresses doing what they do best - and Anne Hathaway is young in this movie and has since developed into an outstanding actress.
she said it didn't look like the character at all....
I was expecting the "trunk" to be just that
Sometimes we need to come out of our comfort level for others.
My grandsons love them all and enjoying them all.
The Little Mermaid II Return to the SeaD. GeppettoE. DinosaurMusic VideosA.
We love the stories of Peter Pan.
I don't think this was a bad film, I just don't think there was anything particularly great about it.  
This story (we all know so well) about a man in want of a child and a puppet trying his hardest to be one is soulful and reaches even the hardest of hearts.  
It's cute for about two minutes and then my son wants to play with something else.  
The set has detail and looks good but they are not really great for playtime.
To other family parties and even to the store a few times.  
And Monsters Inc. is a GREAT movie.
But Mia was alrihgt with that aside from the fact that she starts to secretly swoon for her rival for the throne and all Lily seems to care about is all of the fancy stuff that she got to have by being the friend of Mia, the real Lily would have jumped onto her soap bow and told how it was unfair that the royalty of Genovia lived a life of decadence while there were people who were starving to death and they it was stupid that Mia was expected to follow this Medevial rule when women proved that they could rule on their own.
The stories look like they were pulled straight from the comics.  
I was just buy b/c the price was cheaper than the others I saw on here.
It was Walt Disney's second feature length cartoon following the epic success of Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs (1937 Disney), which made more money than any in movie history up to that time (and this was the Golden Age Of Big Studio Hollywood) and which lit the fire under the MGM studios to create The Wizard Of Oz (1939 MGM) starring Judy Garland to cash in on the same unexpected and spectacular success Disney's Snow White movie had achieved.
At first Annie and Chris have difficulty finding women who will agree to the photo shoot, but the idea takes off, even when the president of the ladies' club opposes it.  
Take care now.
My grandchildren really enjoying this movie.
I love her songs and sassiness.  
They are impulsive, self centered and easily manipulated (ok, Peter is a bit more clever than the Lost Boys).
And I think one day I will love it
The girls love it.
DVD didn't play as well on one player but worked on another.
A must have for any one building a 3D blu ray library at home.
This a great buzz compared with the same at double the price.
(Though do be careful with the small parts ... some degree of supervision is probably a good idea).
And then there was the Chinese pirate lord.
My husband and I were impatiently for this to be re-released and I pre-ordered it months before the release date, and couldn't be happier!  
How about he slice even tinier wedges, use a scalpel and a ruler, put some science into it, really shave off a paper thin layer, why dont' you, pal?
The Blu Ray transfer looks perfect and Disney has carried over all of the bonus material from the previous DVD edition with some new Blu Ray goodies too.
I recommend this seller and shall do business here again!!!!!!!!
I don't see why...
I enjoy everything he does.
My daughter refused to sit up on her own until she was 9 months, even though she could.
Don't trust the little temperature gauge, just use your brain.
My girl is playing with Lambie time to time but mostly it is sitting on a shelf with others toys.
This is a very cool Buzz.  
Pain to open box!
Had to buy Woody to go with Buzz
Maybe a bit childish, but really cool!
My oldest(now 14) loved Rollie Pollie Ollie and I just had to get this.  
Just see the first one, which is great, and just pretend that everything works out happily for all!
but she doesn't play with it at all.
I could watch it over and over and would highly recommend it for kids of all ages.
All of our Grand kids and kids fell in love watching this very enjoyable 3D animation movie of The Little Mermaid.
A week later, 4/6 have broken wheels and one more has a broken propeller.
my daughter loves putting it together.  
lolUpdate: took it apart again and noticed the little wheel piece that connects the bottom of the rubberband to the gears..
This was a cute, well made set.
(It got placed on volume 2.)Disc 1 has the good "Sphinx For the Memories" where Donald is kidnapped, and a spooky Egyptian mystery unfolds.
I was the proud owner of an "authentic" Davy Crockett Coonskin Cap and dreamed of trailblazing and Indian fighting like my hero.  
Overwrought characterizations, a non-dimensional villian, the impossibility of gigantism (Adam would have collapsed under his massive weight), occasionally dodgy special effects, yes they're all there.  
this timeless movie is one i grew up with.  
She looks beautiful in it.
It's not that Peter has malice (although killing Hook doesn't seem to bother him a whit)
The one scar on the film's beauty is the death of Bambi's mother.
Adult and children alike enjoy this.  
It is completely made out of polyester, but our daughter isn't sensitive to fabrics, so it's not an issue for us.
It's watchable.
There is much violence in this film, several dark scenes in the caves, but I like the portrayal of the Northmen as heroes and as a people, people with their own way of life, who could respect a foreigner like Ahmed.
If youre a fan of any of the main actors then I say go for it, otherwise its not a big loss to miss.
Duncan(The Green Mile)was one of the best parts of the film.
First this is the first Peter Pan that a male actor played the lead; in previous plays and movies Peter Pan was played by a female.
These planes and trucks are SMALL and PLASTIC (not die cast), but they are perfect for cake toppers.
She also really enjoyed the red hear that is used to 'decode' the answer.
Great detail on doll and clothing.  Haven't opened the box yet, but looks great.
Alternate Version of "Be Our Guest" - (4:55) Don Hahn shows us how the song was used in the film as the song was originally sung by Maurice.  
NOW OUR 2 YR OLD SLEEPS WITH BOTH.
This product is great for toddlers.  
My child watched these at school sometimes and was in love with them.  
Bambi is unquestionable a masterpiece.
Because of this, I haven't seen this movie in decades.
and I really want her to take more of an interest in it!
I mourned for it when it was taken off the tellie.
Music is superb, the animation is unlike anything found today, and a wonderful, wonderful viewing experience if you like old time animation...not computer graphics.  
I now own season 1 & 2 and will soon be adding the 3rd season to my must buy list!
I rarely completely dis a product but I can not see any redeeming value in this.  
These exact same puzzles.
Magnificent!Subtitles are in English SDH, French and Spanish.
So a 30-day deadline is imposed, and the Princess decides to seek to marry within that time.
The Gold McQueen is nice too and goes great with the gold Mia and Tia that were available with Bling Bling McQueen in a three pack a few years ago.
One of Disney's greatest animated features presented in stunning high definition and awesome 7.1 sound.  
Of course it could be argued that none were near as successful at delivering such a simple prose laced with such complex emotions.
I would recommend this to viewers that are not offended easily and are entertained with far-fetched comedy.
I received the movie and it works great, no scratches, no scuffs.
Tested it this morning and can't wait for the grand kids to come over.
Max Fischer goes to Rushmore Private Academy and despite his poor grades he throws himself into school life with full vigour.  
All in all it's one of the best Disney adaptions out there.  
I never bought this film on regular DVDI went ahead & bought this mainly to get the Disney Rewards codeA disappointment at the box office.  
This little girlie bathtub is cute as can be and my grand daughter loves it.  
This is an excellent show...great for kids AND adults.
The older Disney at their best...great filming on site in Switzerland, and a great story.
Very nice movie I enjoy it the kids.does .
I did not watch alias when it was on the air
Johnny Depp is at his finest!
Each piece has a shape on the back of it so make sure you don't mix it up with the others.  
As baby has grown..
But I love Ariel's beautiful body, Scuttle's stupidity, Sebastian's crankiness, and the good use of conflicts.
This sequel is better than the original, I think.
As of writing this, this film only has 33 reviews while Spirited Away has 911).
But if anything, one thing that "Beauty and the Beast" is known for is its music.  
It's amazing how many details are in every scene.
Flynn Rider comes with a crown and a bag to hold the crown.
The story involves the Stevens family being greeted by a travel agent and imforming them that they won a vacation to a island in the South Pacific.
nice quality fun for my toddler.
Super cute and well made.
This stuff is for kids who adore these characters and I hate to see people take advantage of parents this way.
Blue ray extras are great
In fact, I kind of disliked it.
The A+ moments are the first-rate animation,the amazing race scenes and the crash scenes.
Still enjoy it.
I bought this after taking my nieces & nephew to see the last Muppet movie.  
If you want the old there are two DVD's at Amazon you can buy.
Perhaps some day scholars will analyze the film genius of Disney comedies from the 50-70s for achievements rarely matched in subsequent years--that they could make people laugh hard without resorting to potty mouth humor.
It is made for older kids (4-6 yrs old) there are some dramatic scenes that my 6 y/o boy can handle that my 4 y/o daughter could not.
The bluray DVD combo is fantastic.
This is one film in which Pacino's "over the top" brand of acting is appropriate.  
great disney but not sure who has this.
now our little one has woody to go with brother's Buzz.  
Each one is unique.
i purchased to relpace my old vhs.
Looney Tunes stuff, that kind of thing.
The best part is once cake time was over, my son got to keep these toys to play with.
pretty darn big, a lot bigger than the squirt plush.however, our experience was disappointing; our kids (2 year old girl and 3 year old boy) loved the movie but did nothing with the doll.
I got this for a 2-year-old, and she loved it!
I regarded the film as the turning point when the series ran out of gas.
I enjoy part one way more than part two, but what is a sick day marathon without  both chapters of the story.  
i bought this as a gift, but it seems like it would be more enjoyable than other games.
I rated this movie a 5-star because it was in VERY good condition when I received it, it was very good playing condition also.  
HOWEVER, the soft plastic is very slippery when wet and allows a baby to slip under water very easily!
I like how her face is not all perfect and pricessy and she has big ears :-)
It still helps the students to compare and contrast what really happened during the war and what from the book was fiction.  
I didn't realize he was 6'6"!!
#2 the box she came in wreaks or smells of nasty cheap glue due to cheap tape.  
Send In the Clones:  Magica DeSpell gets the Beagle Boys to help her steal the Number One Dime, disguising them as the nephews.  
There are also 2 sequels to this film: The Cheetah Girls 2 and One World.
It's nice to have this movie without skips in it.
But I don't think I'd buy this again
The pages inside are thoughtful and have plenty of space.
Thank you Disney.
You can't go wrong with Mike and Sulley.
who doesnt love Nemo!!!
I'm very happy I bought it.
The detail is great and this toy will last through the nuclear apocalypse.
"Hillbilly Hell" and "I'd give my left lug-nut" are terms that come to mind that I remember hearing.  
The "HitchHiker's Guide to the Galaxy" is best for anyone that wants a light-hearted science fiction film.
CaptionsFilm RecommendationsA. PinocchioB. MulanC. The Lion King II:
But I was really pleasantly surprised by this guy when he showed up.
the movie pauses like 2 or 3 times but it does play i just love this movies and for little girls its ok
Kids liked chicken little.
I would have given this 5 stars, but the quality isn't excellent, and a few of the characters are hard to get to stand on their own.
They also go loose fast and then the dollstops being poseable.
Al Pacino plays Lowell Bergman, executive producer for "60 Minutes", also does a fantastic job.
The music and scenery are very good and add to the tale.
This review is of the new BLURAY Disc.
I'll probably buy a cheap travel pillow to replace it as another reviewer suggested.  
The animation, as in all early Disney films, is splendid--note the atmospheric three-D look of the forest in the opening scenes--and the voice talents, though uncredited, are notably fine (Will Wright as Friend Owl is especially good).
My little one loves Rolie and family.
We do not have a full bathtub in our apartment, only a shower stall.
but she is devistated over the idea and my husband pointed out that it'll just get dented from her taking it to school anyways.
Not having a Play All feature means that every couple minutes you have to go to the bonus menu and select another portion of these segments.
I got this tub because I have a shower only in my master bath.  
Used these in the tub to transition from baby bathtub to bu tub.
Excelente doll for my daugther, she has a aladin's couple and play for long time, she's happy and i'm happy too
I would purchase this item again, or give it as a gift to a new Mom.
They say the original is always the best!
We were very excited to give our daughter Jake's Musical Ship Pirate Boat Bucky and these figurines.  
I am older, and was widowed young - death is awful - no matter how sweet the person there is rage and absolute loss.  
The second disc holds 3 (why not 4 ?) episodes from The Swamp Fox which look as good as the episodes from Elfego Baca on disc one.
I purchased it for my granddaughters because it is part of history and I wanted them to know that some people, including their uncle and many other relatives, shoot deer, including does, for food and sport.
Meanwhile, Papa is set upon by wolves, his horse runs away in fear, and he seeks refuge in an isolated castle that just happens to be enchanted.
I'd heard of Rushmore many time through the internet, magazines, and other things, I'd seen Bottle Rocket(Wes
This is a very immersive movie but it avoids being ponderous.
LOVE this movie!!!
Another major mark up.
......that is all about the story.....as I owned the code 1 of enchanted christmas and belle's magical world but my platinum edition for beauty and the beast is no longer playable by my DVD player which shows check disc error.
The dvd I purchased does not work!
A Lad In A Lamp: Monterey Jack discovers a magic lamp on the docks that was meant for Fat Cat's evil clutches.
Bonneville Salt Flats, Utah.
Overall, this movie can be an enjoyable experience for the whole family.
The pace was nice and steady, the acting was engaging, and it had a good plot.
I deducted a star though since the sheets are a little odd looking (Rapunzel has this weird orange trout pout) and some of the designs have discoloration but these weren't deal breakers since I'm pretty sure my daughter is going to figure out a way to color on them at some point.
Here's hoping.
It made for easy watching.
Down to the last speck.  
The sheets, pillowcases and comforter as smooth and soft.
JJ Abrahams at his best, they could bring this whole series to the big screen like mission impossible
New to this BD is an excellent piece called "Filmmakers Round Table" where Peter Docter and crew sit down and reminiscence about the making of the film.
It is a great classic movie to have for your Disney Collection.
Super colorful and endearing.
I was completely surprised by this film.
I was in tears with laughter watching this movie!
They are made of soft plastic.
I dod not know why the bly-ray does not work, it is not scratched.
but i highly recommend this movie and thank you.
Classic Disney take on a classic story.
It's a delightful story that is suitable for all ages.  
the truck is just a cardboard box, and got destroyed very easily, although it was cute when it arrived.
I demand a recount!
I bought Buzz for my 4 yr old grandson.
Alice in Wonderland is a 2-disc Disney DVD of one of Walt Disney Pictures' greatest animated classics.
It provides great cushioning for splashing and playing around and big enough to fit tightly into the regular bathtub.
My younger day care kids wouldn't sit for this, but my older day care kids were into it.
In the film, Kim Possible, Ron Stoppable and Rufus must stop Shego, Dr. Drakken, Monkey-Fist and Duff Killigan from stealing a rare artifact that can harness the power of time travel.
No assemby required.
You get 3 shoes in the packet, snow white, Rupunzel and sleeping beauty.
The shots of the guys mountain climbing are superb and will literally have your palms sweating.  
A few funny moments sure,
We were glad to add this to our DVD collection.
Great movie and certainly a classic.  
but i was suprised at how much it actually offered the adult viewer.the main characters are adults which was good because the basic storyline is aimed at the small fry.
She's seen partially taking off a bikini in order to lure a terrorist.
Yes, it looks JUST like him.  
"Dale Besides Himself" is about lazy Dale who feels forced until he meets luck with a shapeshifting alien creature who takes on his form then Dale gets kidnapped by aliens by mistake, "Kiki's Big Adventure" has the gang in Tasmania as their plane has been mistaken as a flying god by a group of wild Kiwi tribes but can they get it back?
This movie arrived in great condition and perfect packaging.  
they have life lessons and learning - hidden-
They are also very slippery - and a couple of them are pretty high.
Park, Mt. Rainier Nat'l.
While she played and did not pay attention, my wife and I watched the whole thing.  
Hour in Wonderland" is a family-friendly holiday television special from 1950 featuring Walt Disney, Kathryn Beaumont, Edgar Bergen (with his pals Charlie McCarthy and Mortimer Snerd, of course), and Bobby Driscoll.  
I find the movie pretty annoying, myself, compared to other Disney movies.
We get quite a bit more of the mythology behind Milo Rambaldi, but even the lore of the Renaissance-era inventor doesn't take precedence over the characters.
I don't know what the rage is with microfiber sheets, but they are horrible!  
Inspired by the words of a speech that she had encouraged John to make to the W.I.: "the flowers of Yorkshire are like the women of Yorkshire - the last phase is always the most glorious," as well as a girly magazine that she finds under her son's bed and a playboy calendar hanging on the wall of the local garage, Chris proposes an idea to Annie.
The material is a little "silky" feeling so the pillow case and top sheet slides off a little easy.
All that Mickey, Donald and Goofy have left to eat is a single loaf of bread, which they divide ever so carefully.
The Palace Pets' tiaras have two tiny prongs that are inserted into matching little indentations on the PP's head to hold them securely in place, while allowing them to be easily removed.
my foster sons have enjoyed these toys.
It has been played and enjoyed over and over again!
It is clear the film has fans, and fans who would PAY for more from this film as a dvd or bluray product, so get to it Touchstone!!For those who only know of this movie through reading about what a Fiasco and disappointment the film was, please watch and decide for yourself, you may just fall in love with a Norseman  :-)
We did NOT purchase them online but instead found them last week at the dollar section in Tar-get.
He was in LOVE the first time he saw it.
Bought as a Christmas gift.
The only shame is that the studio brought Andersen's original ending--which in the final analysis IS a happy ending--crashing to earth, much the same as they did with "The Steadfast Tin Soldier" segment in "Fantasia 2000."  Which bring me to the real reason to beg, borrow, or steal this edition (especially if the bonus features are not retained on the re-release that reportedly is in the works for an upcoming 3-D theatrical release):  The inclusion of the studio's 2007 candidate for Best Animated Short, "The Little Match Girl," a segment intended for the aborted "Fantasia 2006."  
My son absolutely loves Cars and had requested the monster trucks for Christmas.  
Hence my 3 stars.
this is a good one, of course.
I bought this set for my toddler son for christmas.  
The second disc holds 3 (why not 4 ?) episodes from The Swamp Fox which look as good as the episodes from Elfego Baca on disc one.
And it's still funny & very much still relevant.
I would recommend it to anyone young and old who wants a feel-good ending with a whole lot of fun on the way there.
I've enjoyed the first two seasons.  
Monstropolis, the city of the monsters, gets all of its power from the screams of little human children, and though scarers such as Sulli work real hard, sneaking through children's closet doors and scaring the daylights out of them, there just doesn't seem to be enough power.
Used a 24 hour rental by using the Amazon Instant Video Wii app.
(in these Diamond editions, the Blu-ray also comes with the DVD)  
I am looking forward to start using it in June!
All of the great and iconic voices of the characters have become staples in animation.
It is just simply one of Disney's better movies.
Frankly, either way, I rather enjoy my time with Olaf.
It's a shame that the care wasn't taken to make this shorts jump off the screen, but they are all acceptable.
If your little princess can wait, I would say wait for the new production of dolls, or buy one of the other Princess Sofia items if available.
The artists are spot on with Aerial's measurements and writers don't miss a beat with her personality.  
So, finally, we get widescreen TVs that get rid of, or diminish the black bars.
This is the perfect tub for your little man.
Though - again, for the couple times I watched my girls actually play the game they were excited and enjoyed it.
Why not move in for a closeup of Scofield?
A nastily funny, yet touching take on the "coming-of-age" tale.  
I think there are too many deleted scenes, there are modified scenes, even some new brief scenes, I know that movies must have a different rhythm (and these two movies have it) but in this way for example I think Russel has a much less importance, he says few lines.
And as a result, I didn't feel attached to any of these characters and didn't care what happened to them.
I've loved this movie since it first came out when I was 9.
Oscar Diggs doll is amazing as it included many accessories for a good price.
It's just that I have outgrown these early Disney versions of Davy Crockett.
Who knew being a fish could be so challenging?
This keyboard is perfect for the budding musician.  
It lights up and sparkles inside swirl around and it was really pretty.  
My daughter got him as a gift, but it was already long enough after she had seen the movie (and the doll in the store originally) that she had lost most of her interest in him before she even opened the package.  
"Do you get it now?"  
I have fallen in love with Sidney Bristow.  
Still Very cool.
My grandson likes the sounds it makes.
Our daughter, who is now 26, watched Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers when she was younger.
Love this movie!!!
I bought this for my great nephew for a Christmas present because he just loved watching the movie with my when I was up visiting with him in Sept.
good luck finding this in stores.
For these reasons I give it a 4 star.
Other than that, it's been on heavy rotation ever since it was delivered ...
I thought it was too much of a girl's movie and that I was "forbidden" to watch it.
and I love it to!
Wonderful movie with an adoption theme.  
Must have for any SciFi fan!
At the time I bought it, it was one of the cheaper talking Buzz figures out there, so I think it was a great value.
We got it for Christmas and it's her go to toy even now.
is Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers.... what else do you need to know?You know you want it, so why are you wasting your time reading the reviews?
Could they have picked a better person for the redneck tow truck than Larry the Cableguy?  
Two thumbs up!
kind of A sleeper
I watched this movie again a few weeks ago, and enjoyed it as much or more than my previous viewings over the years.
Belle, who knows better than to be fooled by superficial appearance, peers into the Prince's eyes, the traditional window to the soul.  
Spend the extra cash and just get yourself a NEW 3 disc set and don't risk being disappointed with the scratches and skips of a 'used' disc; it WILL be worth it!
He's charming, he sings softly, he definetly knows between right and wrong, and he is only crabby when something goes wrong.
I am an Annual Passholder at Disneyland in California, and I was sure I saw the originals still being sold there.
so the will love this woody to go with him!
I know it's not brand new, but it's not something that has been done a hole lot.
as a big fan of the muppets for many years, it was great to find such a good price on a classic
The strings to wear them are very small for my 3 year old, so I don't know how someone bigger could use them.  
And now I've helped create those childhood memories for my grand daughter.
Who does not like the little green frog  kermet  
The gloves are removable, but I have not encouraged my granddaughter to remove them because they are very tiny and guaranteed to join the list of other missing pieces from toys if she takes them off.
Everyone of my BDs is an utter delight.
We have since picked up Chip n' Dale's Rescue Rangers and plan to start collecting these shows (TaleSpin, Goof Troop, Gummi Bears, and if I am very persuasive Darkwing Duck).
Hair and clothes are gorgeous and so are the accessories.
Everything about the box is flimsy and so heavily glued shut that it didn't survive us getting the puzzle inside out.
i just love this movie.
Large Formal Release Trailerc.
The doll is bautiful, it is over 12 inches high when you measure to the top of the styled hair.
I remember hearing about this movie when I was in high school.  
I concluded that the  part where this piece slides down into (The gold plastic area) was too far down...so that wheel that holds the rubber band that connects to the gears is hitting the bottom of the gold box, causing it to be stop the smooth movement of the spinning wheels.
This was actually a plot to turn the world AGAINST alternative fuel, in favor of sticking with regular gasoline, since Miles & the "lemon" families own the largest untapped oil reserves!  
They could have put a female racer in to equal the balance but I am under the impression that the creator of Cars thinks very little of the female gender.
For material that does not lend itself very easily to cinema, this is a good adaptation of "Alice in Wonderland" with some enjoyable characters and sequences.
It is very attractive and helps keep my grandchild room neat.
Im showing my two year old all the wonderful movies and she is in love with the.
The price is right and should hold the interest of most of the tiniest Spiderman fans :-)
Of course the rub is that I must purchase three (3) BD's at the $31.95 price.
At one point he wanted to use it on every toilet that wasn't home including friend's and relative's houses.
And the scenes are taken from popular Disney classics so kids can watch the clips along with the music video.
It does lend itself to the surrealistic dreamworld Alice has somewhat accidentally entered.
If you love Disney and musicals you should buy this DVD because it has amazing special features!!
If any little girl or boy loves doc mcstuffins they will love this too.
Also, the jewelry is not super sturdy and there are a lot of tiny pieces to keep track of.
My daughter LOVES this set.
First person to complete all three items wins the game.
This movie surprised me in a few ways.
he loves cars so he likes how it looks.
Don't have doubts.
I guess I am at a loss as to why we need all of these scenes that have the potential to be horrifying for some kids.  
Thank you so very much!Thrilled to own a Disney classic such as this!  
Next up we get "Horse Scent" where Scrooge with family go to Kentucky to win a horse race as his rival Glumgold wants to win the race, "Scrooge's Pet" is about the boys and Webby (Voiced by Russi Taylor) who buy a cute pet lemming for their uncle thus it steals a locket that contains the combination to his new safe as they go after it all the way to Norway where there is an army of lemmings attacking the town thus they must try to find the right one who has the locket.
Upon close inspection upon arrival it was clear that the ones that are just Mattel are simply barbies stylized to look like Rapunzel
Every time he giggles she finds it hilarious.
Who am I to argue with the members of the Academy or millions of people who love it?
The Muppet Show was not just a showcase for the muppets, but was a tribute to the old live entertainment from generatoins before, and lovingly mocked vaudiville while also showcasing what made it something special.
holds up to chewing on so far .
Haven't read the book, but the movie was well done.
It's like comparing apples and oranges, "Alice in Wonderland" is entertaining but I similar to "Fantasia", I feel that I enjoy parts of the film.  
I bought this wonderful film to share with my grandson.  
It air at 4:30 after Gummi Bears, Duck Tales, and Chip 'n Dale Rescue Rangers.
My 7 year old LOVES this bow and arrow set.
It's pretty neat
VIDEO:"The Insider" is presented in 1080p High Definition (2:39:1 aspect ratio).  
Bought for my sister as a gift.  
And for their parents and grandparents who remember being a child.
It is one of the better looking DVD titles from the studio.
All are good and they keep my grandkid seated for a while.
What child won't want to have this adventure - pirates, Indians - being able to fly - this movie has it all!The picture is VERY good - probably as good, if not better, than when it was first shown in the theaters.
My daughter loves this little tub!
The 7.1 surround sound gives the film's musical numbers and environmental noises an extra boost that literally puts you in the middle of all the action.
Keenan Ivory Wayans did a great job with this movie, and Jada Pinkett was too funny!
This is the movie that not only my kids, but myself will enjoy to watch over, over, and over again.
At reasonable price which it is good!  Love this movie - good for kids!
This will never stop being a great movie!
one of the best sequels in a trilogy I've seen in years.  
The characters are all able to stand on their own, but I did read that if you're not careful taking them out of the packaging, the bases that they stand on may pop off.  
"Quiz Show" presents not just the scandal itself, but a slice of American culture in the late 1950's.
Definitely, Great flic.
When his parents are killed by leopard, Kala finds the abandon boy and adopts him and raises him as his own son much to Kerchak disproval but tolerates the boy.
How every character and object and its shadowing are well-done.
I don't what else I could say about the show that the other reviews haven't already said, but it's honestly a fantastic show.
Prince Eric had easily removable long boots that were easily put right back on.
AFTER THIS CAME BEAUTY AND THE BEAST, AND THE LION KING.
I have always loved this movie, it is one of my very favorite Disney movies.  
My daughter was so excited to get this.  
MY GRANDSON ASKED FOR THIS FOR CHRISTMAS...
I'd definitely buy these again.  
I'm glad my kids can watch this kind of cartoon versus the more modern over-reacting, overbearing characters that I have seen in the more recent days.
This an older movie but still a classic.
One of my favorite's ones chip and dale's rescue rangers.
While the film plays on both your TV & your iPad, you can play games or read trivia on the movie (I guess).
Yes, they'd seen it before but that didn't make it any less wonderful and I'm sure they'll sit with me and watch it again, and again
this season was great i recomend this to any returning fans of the show
One must not assume a child will not take it seriously.  
Rather than attempt to add yet-another-review here, it seemed like it might be a more fun use of the provided space to muse for a bit on the popularity and remarkable longevity of the story spawned by Lewis Carroll in 1865, as well as to share with you a bit of what I picked up while watching these 40 or so renderings of Alice in Wonderland.
It seems you can't find Disney Princess dresses around Christmas time.  
My daughter saw this movie several years ago and has wished for it ever since.
I always felt somewhat cheated by Pinocchio's being essentially a completed puppet when Jiminy Cricket first comes into Gepetto's shop.  
It appears to be stitched well and has held up to the abuse my three-year-old has given it.  
A little bit of trivia, too, about Sam Wright, who voices Sebastian: he was one of the featured players in the 1974 Broadway show, Over Here!, the first such show with music and lyrics by Richard and Robert Sherman (check out the cast CD, it's great).One quirky note: Is it just me, or does Prince Eric look a lot like David Seville from the '80s Saturday morning cartoon version of Alvin and the Chipmunks?If you want to have the lion's share of bonus features on DVD, keep your Platinum Edition or find a used copy.
I found him and he's alive and well on my bluray!  
He is the Rico Suave of the toybox, quite the player behind Rapunzel's back in the playroom, let me tell you, the Barbie's and Moxie's and Brats and Monster High girls really fight over Eugene and could care less about the other boys on the block!  
As of right now, Chip N Dale Rescue Rangers is still my favorite cartoon.
It came packaged very well and brand new.  
This movie is awesome and it arrived in good condition.
If you want to see "Pinocchio" again for the first time in years since you were little, get this set JUST to see the movie.
While it may not be the absolute best of its kind, it is still easily better than most.
That's the age my son got them.
Chip, Dale, and Monterey soon find themselves clueless egg-sitters, and now they must rescue the mother bird from a maniacal egg collector!  
One foot note to add, watch the audio commentary hosted by Roy Disney and learn more of the making of Peter Pan.DVD EXTRASPlay MovieChapter SelectionSet UpSneak PeeksI. Beauty and the BeastII.
I opened the packaging, removed the toys, and handed them to my son.
From young to old.
My daughter thinks she is Rapunzel, so I clearly had to get this Pascal for her birthday.
so if you are buying for a child who is sensitive to lose of items then beware!We got one of those dolls and It was a very short lived dissapointing item.1.
It's a big hit!
When this originally came out, it just didn't look interesting to me.
Space Ranger has been dialed in for fun fun fun!
I recommend this highly!
Sound quality is much better than the original as well with more crisp sounds and deeper rich bass.
She chose the "Cars" theme because he loves the movie and has a bunch of "Cars" toys.
The condition was "used-very-good."
Superdoo!:  Having a hard time at camp, Doofus accidentally finds a stolen alien crystal that grants him numerous super powers.  
My three year old twins just love Doc McStuffins.
I honestly think this is the best of all Disney animated features, and I've thought so since I first saw it in the theater.
I'm sure everything that can be said about this movie has been said, it's another pixar classic.
My best friend's youngest ones are at the age where they just love Pooh and all his Pals.  
He loves them both so much!!
If you are a true DT fan, you will of course want all the sets.
I had missed out on the DVD version in the past before the film was put back in "the vault."
There are twists and turns throughout the film and the final one will be the most shocking when you see who the new captain of the Flying Dutchmen is.
Then comes parts two and three.  
This movie is one of Disney's most classical films to date, in my opinion.
i bought this Blu-ray alongside with Up when amazon had a special offer, only $30.
Loved it too got both of them on dvd now.
I watched this show when it was on the air.  
We collect many of the Disney figures and this one is a favorite.
This movie is not called a classic for nothing.
The kind of underspoken humor that was so popular in British comedy; i.e. you were told the joke and given a moment or two to churn it in your head and then laugh as you saw fit.
When Wigand's conscience gets the best of him and he can no longer go along with the dangerous practices that the company is perpetrating, he is fired.  
We liked the Safety 1st inflatable spout cover much better in terms of fit.
Very high quality Blu-ray Excellent picture and sound, it's Disney
Item was shipped promptly and arrived in excellent condition!!!!
and almost a week later.
I'm sure if you want to hold on to it, it will go up in value.  
My girls love him and so do we!
They really enjoyed it.
I've seen this movie a couple hundred times.  
They include the plushy friend and the costumes are of a much better quality.  
She's not yet four, but loves fairies.
I bought this to use when my daughter outgrew her infant tub but before I was comfortable putting her just in the bathtub.
It was OK gift for my son.
Dean Jones was perfect for the roll
The Blu-ray player just whirrs for about 20 seconds, then goes back to the Special Features Menu.
We bought this for our 2 year old who loves to help Mommy clean.
BUT THAT'S IN THE PAST.
I love how the ears stand up and how well it resembles the beloved Disney character.
This movie will keep your attention the whole way through.
Very nice classic movie!
With its ethics badly in need of a tune up, I think it'd be all right for your kids to miss CARS.
Considering this is the 4th release on home video in fairly recent years there was no reason to lose any bonus features in the place of others here.
I absolutely love Disney movies and have purchased nearly every one for my family over the last 11 years.
She likes a lot of Disney movies but this one hit a chord with her and sits at # 1.  
Granddaughter was so thrilled and it made our Disneyland vacation even better having all the accessories before the trip.  
Maybe it will inspire them to read the novel in its original form when they're old enough.
Some, I couldn't get to play at all, while others had hiccups that couldn't be cleared out.
Disney hit another one out of the park!
My daughter was so excited for this bedding set - she slept like a DREAM last night in her new bed!
In fact most other animated films suddenly look way overcomplicated by comparison.  
I gained a lot of respect for Disney after they released this movie because the heroine was brown haired and brown eyed, just like me.
It is a Disney classic that every child should see.
While the base is still in place, it wobbles slightly at the base of the tree.
This movie is pretty cute and since my kid is a Cars fanatic it was a good purchase.
I read some reviews on here that talked about how horribly racist and sexist this movie was.
was I disappointed, why because the DVD playback is awful!
Eric sees Ariel and is in love with her for her voice.
One of the originals in great quality and in great condition.
I so would have traded lame episodes like Down and Out in Duckburg & Microducks From Outer Space for more episodes with them.  
She even gives them kisses and baths.
Set in the McCarthy era and into the sixties the central character Charles Van Doren (excellently played by Ralph Fiennes) - a privileged, WASP university professor, applies to be a contestant on "21" and on discovering the show is rigged, makes the decision to play on for fame and fortune, agreeing to be supplied the questions and then just the answers.
Like me at that time, Alice dreams of a "world of my own," an escape from her boring life of dreary, colorless schoolbooks with no pictures.
I would recommend these.
Clover is just so soft and cuddly.
The plastic insert of this package is just too tight and the bases of the figurines is just too delicate to make removing them from the box easy to do.
The animation is the best part, because the use of color is wonderful, and there are many creative toys and clocks.
She is 2.5 and loves them!!!
Tarzan eventually leaves the camp when Kerchack and the other gorillas show up.
No sex, no foul language, some gore (so be careful if there are kids in the room) -- and the rousing exploits of a group of warriors who, if ever there was a Valhalla, must be drinking mead and singing battle songs in it these days....
Another Frozen gift for my granddaughter's 7th birthday.
This was most noticeable when Maurice is escaping the wolves.
Great finishing, great product overall and quality materials.
An Alice Comedy: Alice's Wonderland - (8:06) The original "Alice Comedy" silent one-reel of "Alice's Wonderland".*
We enjoy all the Pirates of the Caribbean movies.
A real treat.
i do wish however that the cost would be more affordable.
I recall seeing this movie when it was first released in the US and I watched it thinking it was going to be a strange forin film poorly dubbed with things that would not make sence to the Western Culture...
Loveable characters - Nemo (Alexander Gould), Marlin - Nemo's father (Albert Brooks), Dory (Ellen DeGeneres and Crush (Andrew Stanton).
I wish they would have showed film from an actual show, but this was also a fresh alternative.
Still, her voice isn't bad by any means.@DisneyAnimation (HD, 10:45).
I found that the dolls made by Disney are generally in good condition, look authentic (in relation to the dolls featured in the Tangled movie), and hold up better.
Guess you cant win them all.
I gave my original to a little girl who never saw this classic.  
I enjoyed myself thoroughly.
It turns out only the biggest, scariest and most elite employees have what it takes to become scarers.
My granddaughter is three years old and can work her little personal dvd player like a pro.
the action was standard, the characters weren't really all that interesting (certainly not as interesting or complex as Finding Nemo's cast was) and I ultimately found myself checking my watch while watching it; never a good sign.
We love this movie.  
This review is for Home Improvement Season Two on DVD.
Wifey performed minor limb reattachment surgery and all is well.
UPDATE:  We've had this a few months now and my 22 month old hasn't had issues with the lid since that first week.  
We've had him for a month and he gets abused daily by my 3 yr old.
The beginning is awesome, though those clocks seem a mite violent in their activities (Mama spanking bare-bottom child, couple of other animals trying to club others).
A girl falling down a rabbit hole, and suddenly she's big...little...big...
It is a true story, which took place during World War II.
It was pretty creepy to me as a kid.  A+7.  
In the past I had bought a cheaper set for my younger son and it in no way compared to this.  
My grandchildren will get a thrill of seeing it for the first time.
classicThe three disk Diamond Edition includes two blu ray disk, and one standard DVD and all disk include some nice extras in particular blu ray disk one has the feature with all available version of Beauty and the Beast with audio commentary, and documentariesBlu ray disk two has a lot of extra features, and finally disk three is Beauty And The Beast in standard DVD format but still of digital quality it upscales so much better than my prevous standard DVD, and it also includes extrasWhats not to like?...
Through the Keyhole: A Companion's Guide to Wonderland - (1:16:15) Kathryn Beaumont introduces a comparison of "Alice in Wonderland" and its comparison to the the original Lewis Carroll classic.  
I love what they did with Santa Claus, but I wish that they chose different episodes to use in this film.  
If you like a copy of this true treasure, you may want to get it soon before they're all gone.
Its especially interesting watching it now since it inspired Darkwing Duck.  
I was excited to see that this was out because I wanted to collect all my favorite Disney movies from when I was younger
On a technical level it is still a good film, just aged.
Like "The Little Mermaid" before it, "Beauty and the Beast" is a beautiful and morally important fable.
Little by little, friendship grows between Belle and the Beast.  
My son loves Cars and really loved this die cast Lighting McQueen car.
Great movie for the kids.  
It is not the puzzle pictured, it is Mickey & Minnie sitting by a campfire, which I like better!
Introduction - (1:09) Featuring an introduction by Diane Disney Miller.
Love the Disney princesses and overall theme.
If you like Chip N' Dale, you must get this set.
Let's face it, when "man in in the forest," it might as well be Jaws.
You should buy it.
My son loves all the compartments.
Let me also say this: no other studio produces BDs with the uncanny PERFECTION of Disney.
As it stands, you have to wade thru crap like "Johnny Appleseed" & "Pecos Bill" to be rewarded w/ Ethel Smith and her way-waaaay-out-there Hammond Organ.
However, he finds a little solace in helping Michael Vaughn (Michael Vartan) in his research, but even that may put his life at risk.
(This outstanding illustrator is not so well known in this country...
Sometimes when he's moving around his bum slips and he ends up with his head in the water.
And in case you're wondering, to date the calendar has raised over two million pounds for lukemia treatment and research.  
Belle takes her father's place of being the beast's prisoner.
It's nice she got to know the man before she fell madly in love with him unlike other Disney stories, but they are getting better with that.  
Very well made stitch plush at a reasonable price for the size and quality.
Typical Disney ending includes a big fall.
Ordered this for an aunt to use in entertaining her grandchildren who where coming to her home during the Christmas season.
I gave the doll to my son for his birthday.
the music is good too
And now,ears later,we are reunited!
If you don't own this movie, you need to!
I love The Muppet Show and have all three seasons that have been released.  
I would tell anyone with kids to get the older cartoons, they just look better!!!
It offers a great message to help prepare parents for the day they have to start letting their kids do (or at least try) things on their own.
It is never dated.
Animation - perhaps "Pinocchio"'s strongest point.
There's greed, there's vengeance, war, romance, robots, thugs, motorcycles, mafias, anthropomorphic beasts (*spoiler alert* Talon is awesome even though he's a confused deuchebag, plus, her sister tried reasoning with him before becoming the mutant that Xanatos accidentally had something to do with it, eventually, it's always part of his plan to do the inevitable wrong) 4 discs in a neat colorful shiny package.
But of course, Disney didn't want this film associated with the drug culture and withdrew prints from universities.  
If I did, it would have been by accident.
Fess Parker sets the standard as the definitive, home-spun, plain speaking, honest, and courageous version of Davy Crockett that many Americans aspire to be like.
(And readers, of course)
THis is one of my most favorite Disney Movies.....
This is a great DVD.
Highly recommend great family entertainment
I made the mistake of putting i in the washing machine on the handwash setting and now all the white areas have black fuzz on them.  
Even though once the opening title sequence begins, we never revisit the salesman or the Cadillac, we understand that this is a film having to do with selling something.
My son loves his Olaf plush!I would recommend this product to a friend.
She's just Girl to him.
His gorilla cousins are amusing, too.
Our grandson LOVES this movie!
One of my favorite movies to watch with my kids.  
I bought it b/c I have 3 miniature doxies and I just love doxies in general.  
It is enjoyable in spite of its faults but I did have a hard time emotionally connecting with most of the characters, which means there are not too many smaller moments to illustrate their different personalities (humorous instances in which Ahmed defends his beautiful white Arabian against their jeers notwithstanding).
When I was a child and first saw Peter Pan in the theater....I stayed to see it three times in a row.
It's a great family film.
Only disappointment here is the luggage is not open and close
Disney animation is always amazing but in Blu Ray format it's even better!
Has lasted a lot of car rides and trips out to the store.  
What makes this film truly an epic film is the wonderful acting by Al Pacino and Russell Crowe.
If you watch all seasons sequentially, you may be sucked into a strange world, but you will enjoy it.
Is amazing how this was only Pixar's fourth film and they already were showing how good they are.
And this is exactly why the muscle bound Gaston (Richard White) wants her so badly.
Even though I haven't seen the movie myself, I appreciate that this isn't your average stuffed teddy bear or dog.
Unless if it ever goes back into theaters, which isn't likely.
This is also one of the most frightening films ever made or at least there are scenes in this film that are sure to haunt younger viewers!
i was happy when i got it in the mail.
When she reaches the castle, she begs the beast to free him, but the beast only will if she promises to stay in the castle forever.
It's quite possible that it's all about money again.
With Regis and Kelly), Michael Dorn(Star Trek: Insurrection), Freddie Prinze, Jr.(Scooby-Doo) and Michael Clark
Our two year old always loves to help us vacuum and so her older sister wanted to get her this as a Christmas gift.  
It was so well liked by my 9 year old grandson that we have purchased more movies of Monsters Inc.
I ordered these planes for my 2 year old son.
To fully realize how far something is out of the screen for you, pause on an effect and direct a partner with an extended finger to the tip of what you are seeing.
This was in great shape and came when predicted.
STATED ON A BLU-RAY RELEASE THAT THEY WERE GOING TO BE THE 3D HEAD OF THE CROWD,BUT THEY ARE STILL SLOW ABOUT RELEASING 3D RELEASES.THIS WOULD AND COULD BECOME A COLLECTOR'S ITEM
I was not a child anymore.
As a result they dropped from their coveted spot of being the most watched network on television.
Quite a feat.
The animation is astounding and to imagine that t was drawn by hand is amazing.
The movie came quickly and in perfect shape - all at a unbeatable price.
She reveals herself to be a beautiful witch and places a curse on the prince, his castle and everything inside.
Given how Bambi is no longer a Disney hottie, I was thrilled to own it on DVD, and for our kids to meet some of the older Disney characters.  
The chest comes with a pleather pouch, five doubloons, a plastic sword, a spyglass (with no magnification-
"Part of your World" Music Video - Carly Rae Jepsen* @DisneyAnimation: Go behind the Scenes with Today's Top Disney Animators(with Ron Clements, John Musker, Mark Henn, Ruben Aquino, Brittney Lee,Hyun-Min Lee, Kira Lehtomaki, Chad Sellers and John Kahrs)*  
This was a requested item for my grand daughter for Christmas.
I'd much rather read a book than watch a movie.  
yes, I am going to look for Pocahontas in that collection till I find it.
and he says more phrases than the original Buzz.  
I love these more than the ones on the Disney cruise ship because they are a lot bigger!
YOU CAN ALSO LEARN FROM THIS MOVIE.
Everything else is fine.
This movie is a classic Pixar...can't wait until Finding Dory comes out in 2015.  
Alan Menken presents the original score for "The Transformation" scene to the original rough sketch of the transformation scene.  
The slots between the sides and the floor are also always wet and pain to clean.
I purchased this for my 9-month-old, as she has become fascinated with Tinker Bell this week.  
It seems it's a waste of the bluray capacity to just have the movie, the commentary, and nothing else.
Finally, in "The Making of Bambi" we get to meet the surviving actors of the film and learn how they lent their original talents to a movie that would be destined to become a legend.  
Since I am rather picky about the Christmas movies I like, I knew I wanted to buy this because it represents my top two favorite things: Love and Christmas.
Like the previous 2 seasons, this season is great and full of great, clean, clever comedy.
the sheet set doesn't look like mickey either.overall i wished i found something else.  
This way I have a copy whenever I have my grand-kids over.
The early scene where the Vikings awake and pass around the basin of water is verbatim from the manuscript, as is the young man standing so they could see he was not a figment of the imagination from the mist, and the Viking king's burial.  
I don't know where these angry parents are getting the idea that it's a "bad influence" on young girls because I don't see that at all.
Seriously, does a full horn section have to start blaring every time Peter Pan leans on a wall?.There are a few bright musical moments, though ('You can fly', is pretty enchanting).
Even has ANDY on bottom of feet.
it is a great buy.
Also, though I am a big Swamp Fox fan, I do remember Elfego Baca, and remember that too was a very good show, and I got to thinking I'd like to see him again.
Most of the other shorts range from good to excellent, but too may times they look a little soft or slightly washed out.
Nine years old already, this one manages to push all of the right buttons of what a CG feature film could and should be while managing to appeal to viewers of all ages.
the cast has out done itself and the bloopers are as funny as the movie.  
Did Disney make the perfect Peter Pan?I read this story to my daughter nearly nightly but had never actually seen this film.
Great storyline, breathtaking animation, certainly great for all ages.
If there is one genre that Disney still dominates, that would be the animated musical.  
I liked this rug it sits in the bathroom for my kids so the white has gotten dirty within a week but the rug has instructions to not wash and "SPOT CLEAN ONLY" on all tags
This is such a funny comedy movie.
Our baby loves bath time and the tub to.
And did I mention its hilarious!!!!!
Rushmore is a fantastic film for many reasons.
She seems to enjoy them as well so at least I get a break from the shows she normally watches.
After watching the movie all the way through I turned on the audio commentary by Roy Disney while watching it a second time.
The circular bases make the figures difficult to position on the ships.  
A must have movie
Casting Alan Rickman as Marvin was an edict handed down by the gods!I did get to reading the book, and I do feel that the tone of the movie matched very well with that of the book.
Beauty & the Beast: The Enchanted Christmas5.
They could have done better story telling with the writing, but otherwise, it is fun adventurous and enjoyable.
but it is definitely one of my all time favorites.
All in all, watch The Insider only if you feel for the rich, snobbish people.
Ducktales is possibly the greatest afternoon cartoon show of all time.
It did play at home.  
Often morphine is withheld in order to make them talk.
One of our family favorites.
Had to get this Flynn so he could mount his horse and my granddaughter has loves to play make believe with him and his Princess.  
I bought this toy for my 2 years old daughter for transatlantic flight.
I think I got much more out of the story than he did!
A truly wonderful story!
Also has a pillow and a hook to hang up/
the actors in this film were fantastic espicialy jason schwartsman and bill muray.
I worked in Alaska for a short while over 30 years ago and commissioned a bush pilot to take me into the wilderness.  
Now about the Blu Ray.
Now when she plays with her Fisher Price doll house the characters play there also.
There is the eating area, the bench and dock, a tree, lily pad and the boat.  
I've seen this movie 100 times at least.  
These came so quickly and have the entire first season of the show.
Pooh's Grand Adventure: The Search for Christopher RobinIII.
My daughter, well, she loved it.
HE SLEEPS WITH IT AND
Besides being a love story among the elephants, showing their great caring for one another, it graphically depicts the hideous poaching and slaughter of Africa's elephants.  
The characterizations of all but the villains make them charming and likeable.
Sam Waterston is a good actor and I fowwowed him on Law and Order.  
It's a powerful early cinematic example of man versus nature, a message that will surely impact your kids in a good, penetrating way.
I recieved this doll set for my birthday, and I have to say she's absolutely beautiful!
This is my favorite Disney movie, and though it was used, there was absolutely no evidence that it had been.
Let's start with the first problem, the lines.
Movie fanatic and have always loved halloween the most!
Even when the real Ace (a sadly wasted Jack Elam) shows up, Van Dyke is still stuck in the same tired routine.  
A great price and packaging with on time delivery.
I recommend him to any Wreck it Ralph fan!
love monster's inc so this was a given that my 3 year old daughter would fall in love with this set.  
It is very cute!!
This is a true film with a GREAT Cause.
It is beautiful face, beautifullly shaped and with beautiful painted on make up that make her look just dreamy.
John Goodman and Billy Crystal interact with each other hysterically and the rest of the cast is top-notch.
The HD restoration was wonderful.
Almost ten years after the initial release, the quality and attention to details of this movie in both animation and environment is still way ahead of the time, and leaves many of today's animation movies in the dust.
It is well made, fit my adult head and helped my family pick me out across the crowd when we separated.
and I hope my Grandchildren do as well
I never could find Sally.
Not a single, solitary one (sorry, but Gill's character is completely irrelevant compared to everything else that is wrong with this movie).Seriously, compared to the bottom 4 Pixar films, this is easily number 3; not as bad as Cars 2 or Wall-E, but even worse than Up.
Got there on time, just what he wanted, so when he woke up he was very happy to have them sitting on the table.
And now I'm a fan of the Pixar films.  
AND i also got an $8 coupon for Peter Pan and pre-ordered it.
This may not be the best Disney film, but it is a worthy entry in the on going Disney animation cannon and should not be passed over.
It is true science fiction/fantasy with typical British humor, which I do like.  
a man an his best friend who turns out to be an alien saves him frim the end of earth an hitchhikes threw the galaxy with hilarious dangerous situations an a depressed robot.
Watch him direct Serpico for the school play and you'll see just what I mean.
Also, "Bambi" was created on an extreme budget and it was a learning experience for Walt Disney and the studio.
And from the 1930s and 1940s, the film was being developed and many ideas for the storyline came into play, World War II would then delay "Peter Pan" into becoming an animated film as the U.S. military took control of the studio and had Disney working on propaganda films.
it didn't cover the full tub and i have a standard bathtub.  
Humphrey Bear's shorts are by far my favorite of the Classic Disney cartoon.  
It was hard to find the characters all together so I will keep, but I would not buy again or recommend.
Well done, suspense, interest, family movie; great wolf scenes, will keep your attention.  
I think this is one of my favorite Disney movies out there.
Beautiful landscape ...Strongly recommended for anyone/age .. ...
With the first season of Alias he created one of the few ABC shows at the time with near universal critical acclaim.
If you have children or grown ups that love Mickey!
I adore this movie.  
We played this item for our grandchilren while we in the car [on the back seat DVD player system of course] going to and from WDW.
If you prefer you can also watch this documentaries separately.
As to little children being scared, unless they are watching alone or their parents are using a VCR, there is no reason to be afraid.
This is a very good product for it's intended use.  
This movie is so great, and to me was the start of those great modern-day Disney movies that we all love.
Julie Andrews could do better.  
Good pricing too.
This was not a new DVD as advertised.
I loved how Tarzan was shown in animation as "You'll Be in My Heart" won an Oscar, there is a gender-confused gorilla who is Tarzan's best friend named Terk (Rosie O'Donnell) and a neurotic elephant who is his other best friend named Tantor (Wayne Knight) and most importantly, three humans, Jane Porter (Minnie Driver), Archimedes Q. Porter (Nigel Hawthorne) and Clayton (Brian Blessed) come to the jungle to study gorillas giving Tarzan a tough choice between the human world and the ape world.  
and I love Tinkerbell!
They were happy I bought it for our collection.
He is constantly outwitting the Air Pirates with his aerial acrobatics.
I was over excited after buying this movie.
The book is beautiful.
Howard's Lecture (HD/SD, 16:27)
Other NEW "features" - not quite bonuses - are the "Disney View" option.
But it should be as known because it's just as good.
Read other reviews before buying this movie.  
We also have the Fraggle Rock series!
Both discs played well and my granddaughter is able to enjoy the movie and dance to the songs.  
My daughter was excited about it at first because of the concept (I mean, it's Rocket from Little Einsteins, how cool is that?!), but it doesn't ever get played with - even now with two children, it just sits on the shelf.
The only downside to this product I've noticed (and to my own fault) is the teflon coating is very thin, I was in a hurry one morning and used a fork to pull a waffle out (instead of the bamboo tongs I normally use) and scratched the teflon.  
They captured his personality in the plush.
Thanks guys & have a nice day!
Chilly gets 5 stars!I would recommend purchasing this.
One of our favorites.
But be careful because one of the spinner points has you shake up the underwater caves which invariably spreads all of the treasure pieces about, making whatever you might have remembered being in one location before now being in another.  
I grew up with The Muppets and Sesame Street so I love to watch these with my child.
These do the trick!  
Minnie and Daisy don't stand on their own very well, and none of them stand on the carpet - you definitely have to have them on a flat, hard surface.
Once in the wild, he doesn't really know how to live in the wild, and he overcomes it.
Very colorful and fun.  
Tarzan is mainly about two families who have lost a loved one.
I purchased these figurines as cake toppers for a friend's daughter who is crazy about everything Toy Story.  
We bought these wings to go with the Buzz Lightyear deluxe costume, and it really made the costume whole!
But I still love this show.  
The TV show was well-written and genuinely funny, and this movie is also pretty good.
Will be a hit with little girls as well as big girls.
Enough about the movie.  
Don't even think about it...
This is a fun family movie , with a catchy soundtrack.
My girls love playing with these and love using them for pretend play while acting out the shows.
As for the included DVD, the DVD is presented in 1:78:1 aspect ration-enhanced for 169 televisions.
As the two eventually form a sibling-like bond, Koda revealing his mother is missing.
When the old school VHS tapes finally wear out from the usage over time, switching to DVD/BluRay is a must!  
Lambie fabric is not strong enough and tore at the neck seem; the voice box also stopped working.  
Michelle Pfiffer did a wonderful job.
I was afraid that disney was going to over do it on the blu ray edition like they did for beauty and the beast... but that isnt the case.
They both make the movie dark, and neither get punished.
Disney did a better job than most at presenting the story of the juvenile Tarzan, orphaned and then taken on by a she-ape.
I assure you!
Both my grand daughters loved putting these together and taking them apart and doing it again.
The features that it has are that of the movie, but it seems a little cheaply made.
He's a little funny looking since he's plush but its still very cute and my daughter loved it when she got it as a birthday gift.
It holds all 13 episodes of Season one and bonus features such as interviews with the creaters of the show.
I didn't enjoy this movie as much as I did the first.
I have watched this movie loads now since I bought this.
I recommend these pins for kids wanting something to trade at Disney.  
Good cartoon for 6 and 4 year old kids.  
so we got this bear for them for Christmas.  
My one and a half year old daughter loves it!
There is just NO reason for there to be that much on there.  
Fight With Ursula (Alternate Ending)*
I tend to prefer historically based movies with a strong historical base, which doesn't often happen in American movies.  
The best part is at the end when Beast is transforming into a human, the lighted floor REALLY LOOKS REAL due to the intense 3D Visual.
Its a real good movie, some kids find it is scary until they understand it.
I still own the original VHS and know its gotten some good use even as I grew older.
The little girl is wonderful and a welcome change from the boy protagonist.
My son's hands down favorite movie.
Excellent job, Disney!My passive 3D set is the 47" LG TV Bundle with 3D player and glasses: ([...]).
Considering this, considering that Disney took many other liberties with the plot, considering that Studio Ghibli's "Ponyo" kept her voice (and what a voice!) in its better, looser adaptation, I'm not about to let Disney off the hook for this messaging.
Peter Pan offers to take the children to Never Land and teaches them how to fly as well with faith, hope and some pixie dust from Tinker Bell.
cars is the best movie ever and my 3 year old grandson would approve we could not find his disc so rented and he was so happy
Normally I dislike animal movies with "people" voices, but this one was a delight to watch and is really an all family movie.
Our grandson became a Cars fanatic shortly before his 4th birthday, and we've been collecting them ever since.  
I haven't seen this movie in DECADES!
The fox and cat are slippery charmers who smoothly deliver the unsuspecting Pinocchio over to the svengali Stromboli.  
It's been done with the use of puppets and marionettes, with stop motion "Gumby style" animation, in games, in home-brew backyard productions posted to YouTube, and as an Alice in Wonderland theme park.
This came earlier than they had said .
Hearing their various perspectives was very insightful along with hearing from different members of the cast as well.  
A Disney take on a classic tale.  
This is one of the rare Disney movies that I find hard to follow and have even a harder time making sense.
I can watch it a thousand times and never get tired of it.
Disney rendered it in 3D marvelously; it looks fantastic!
From Doc, to Lightning, to Sally, to Mater (get it?
In this case, writers may have done themselves a disservice by rushing the romance along.
I know this since the Region 2(UK) DVD has apparently been left alone, leaving me to wonder why Disney has different standards for the two regions.
The cast is led by fantastic performances from Russell Crowe (in an Oscar-worthy performance), Al Pacino, and Christopher Plummer.
My grandson has it with him much of the time.  
The correct answer is revealed by the decoder heart.  
Actual natives were in this film and you will come to love them and hopefully understand some of their ways.  
i really love it and even do is not a blu ray it still looks very good in my tv!
The only thing was that they added extra scenes from the original version that my wife was not crazy about other than that its a great buy!
Wish she did more movies like this.
But don't overlook the funny species of birds Alice runs into, when she's lost in the woods -- nor the blink-and-you'll-miss-it moment when the Dodo picks up an entire campfire in his bare wings.
I liked how you got all the main characters.
My three year old can easily separate them when it's time to play.  
and it pilled pretty badly over the white
I thought it was a cute movie at first.  
She fell in love with it, and we are watching the series together.
Beauty and the Beast comes to Blu-Ray looking fantastic.
Which is kind of amazing, considering those movies are 50+ years older than this one.
My family love's this movie
But at the price it was I really couldn't complain too much.
I would consider purchasing the Little mermaid II.  
It makes the figurines feel more like collector's items instead of play toys.  
Nonetheless they are extremely entertaining.  
My 4-year old son loves it.  
I have spent years being terrified something horrible would happen to my mother (she's 96 and well, so all totally unfounded), and being horrified my brother hunts for sport (and gives the meat away).
Great product for our little Minnie fan.
I found a reference to it in a book on Eskimos and Film and decided to try it out.  
I love watching it over and over.
We watched in one evening and they watched it again three times within the week, then again over Christmas break.
This is great to watch at any age !
It was Walt's favorite and he agonized over Bambi's mom.  
Its still in my movie collection but Ive only watched it once, who knows, maybe Ill get bored one day & watch it again.
Also, they only give you one sticker for each month but then what are you supposed to do at the 12 month mark when you already used your baby's birth month on the first page?!  
I'll never grow up too !
The next episode opens with them laying side by side in bed.
I have to admit that I am especially fond of Captain Hook, and all of the characters and storyline in this film were well-done.
You can click on the showroom and get a pretty neat profile of that car and it's personal history.
Another of Walt's personal favorite stories that he had been trying to get produced for a decade prior to it's 1953 release.
Just another distraction from watching the film itself.
Also his hat did not fit his head.
but, its a fun activity for us to do together.
He reminds me of the classic Pooh narrators.
That's not to say that there isn't a laugh here and there, because there is, but the movie that might've been is pushed aside in favor of wowing the movie goers with massive amounts of special effects and high energy acting.
It has been a long time since I saw Alice in Wonderland (my children are in their 40's and 50's) and it was such fun to see it once again.  
As the movie incrementally demonstrates, he did so by following the Christian tenet - to find your soul, you must lose your soul in service towards the greater good of helping others.
My daughter thinks Eloise is sassy, but I just love her spunk :D
Looks good on both.
Especially when I (a thirty-some-year-old man) got up and acted out my "surprise princess" card.
This has tiny pieces and not recommended for babies.
Definitely recommend this movie in Blu-ray.  
ONE OF THE CUTEST MOVIES EVER MADE.
It doesn't match either of them, but it is just quirky and whimsical enough to keep you tuned to the end.
They have a song for the Cheshire cat that no one really knew about and they ended up not even using in the movie.
Peter finds Tinkerbell very weak and her light is going out.
Great fun to see the film again and it arrived three days after I ordered it.  
There are plenty of familiar faces in the cast, from Herbert Lom's reliably bad tempered guide from a rival village, locals Ferdy Mayne and a very recognisable but unbilled Roger Delgado (the Master from Doctor Who) and even an unbilled cameo for MacArthur's mother Helen Hayes.
This was a really cute idea and my daughter loved getting it, but because all the skirts are knee-length they make the entire costumes look less authentic, and my daughter usually chooses to play dress-up with other costumes she has that have full-length skirts.  
I've always liked Finding Nemo.  
Only reason not a 5 star - is no liner - but it was very good quality.
I love this tub!
The picture quality was amazing.
It's the End of the World as We Know It (REM) during the alien invasion sequence.  
She is the foil, the Abbot to the insane world populated with the Costellos of Wonderland.
This one had all the bells and whistles, but didn't come with a bunch of accessories that end up getting lost
You won't be disappointed.
Very well made and great acting about  a game show scandel based on a true story.
It is a bit difficult to get filled with air, we use an air pump and then have to finish it off by blowing it up ourselves.
I have yet to see a film that does justice to Alice, but Disney comes closest, and is therefore the best way to introduce children and uninitiated adults to Wonderland.  
I was actually surprised at how well they did taking turns because I was afraid they would randomly be shouting out the princess names regardless of whose turn it was supposed to be.
I ordered this for Christmas.
While the rear info. shows a "Inside a Scene" which was featured in the original 2000 DVD, it is not included on this Blu-ray.
The Beast arises unexpectedly to threaten her well-being, yet he also opens a doorway to that other life.
Have the cards, Big Heart Jewel, gems, and Princess protrait (on the back of the rules) handy.
The animation is certainly up to Pixar's very high standards.
Why the throne has to be handed off now, with the Queen still in such good shape, is never actually explained, and for some reason it doesn't occur to anyone initially to try and change the law.
Pixar movies are good when you and your kids want to watch something together.
The one problem is that sellers on Amazon are selling this set for more than $25.
This animated feature is considered the last major box office success of the Disney Renaissance.
AUDIO & SUBTITLES:"Beauty and the Beast: Diamond Edition" is not only fantastic in picture quality, the film is absolutely fantastic via lossless as well.  
The Carpetsnaggers: While the Rangers attempt to thwart a rash of robberies involving seemingly "magic" flying carpets, Monterey and Gadget debate the nature of the mysterious circumstances.  
I have always loved Disney/Pixar movies, they are very engaging and colorful.
I had not seen On Stranger Tides and was disappointed it did not have Orlando Bloom and Kira knightly in it.
My son is amazed by the puppets and is always asking "how did they do that?"
In 2009, I got this Platinum Edition DVD on Friday the 13th.
But it works and not a big deal that its widescreen.
with actual cars as all the characters .
Would you please respond.
I received this the other day and it's much bigger than I expected.
Lumiere is the funniest, in my opinion.
This follows the fairytale of Pinocchio who is a tiny wooden puppet who is brought to life and who has to prove his bravery, honesty and unselfishness before he can be turned into a real boy.
The Big Heart Jewel card reader (you will have to take it out from the tiara on the top of the other ones) that will "decode" the answer.
TaleSpin is a classic show I had my 6th graders watch while we waited for the bus and they used to love singing this song together as a class.  
This animated feature will become a tale of characters finding their own strength, facing their fears and overcoming minor challenges and seemingly insurmountable obstacles.
They love the stories about princesses!
Richard Dreyfuss is outstanding in this movie.  
I loved the movie & wanted this for my collection, the 3D was just a bonus.  
Even though the original book "The Little Mermaid" was not nearly this happy.  
Walt Disney TV Introduction (1954 & 1964)*
One common theme running through all of the titles is the friendly nature of animals and inanimate objects.
This movie was shot in multiple aspect ratios, the first 24 minutes of the movie was shown theatrically at 1:78 to 1, then the image widened to 2:33-1.it was the decision of the director to present the first 24 minutes of the movie on the Blu-Ray release window-boxed at 1:78-1 instead of filling up the screen.
The colors were brilliant and the sound is beautiful.
This is a no goAnd a wasted of film, sad anything Ghibli is geting a star, but my 10 year old even hated it
Upgrading my movies to Blu Ray and this was one I needed.  
Large Format Publicity Gallery8.
They were fun just have to be okay with tossing as they break and my boys were not!
I got one of each character and my daughter loves playing with them all.
"hey - this part is cool, come look."  
My grandson will love these movies when he gets older.
Like I said in my Rescue Rangers review, in my favorite DA shows the jokes are funnier, the guest characters more interesting & the heroes more sympathetic which makes their adventures even more exciting (especially in Gummi Bears whenever they travel to an ancient city of theirs & learn more about their past).  
A little thin but pretty and fit my 4 year old niece perfectly.
There they sit for hours every week in the town hall of their little English village of Napley, listening to talks on the milk industry, carpeting, broccoli and slide-shows of other people's holidays.
An excellent movie for young children.
Good family fun!
The hair is made of some low quality material and it get tangled and looks like broom or mop in no time..
Grandkids love this and so do I!  
The hair looks like a bird nest.
Blu-ray 3D Special Features and Extras:Aquariums: A collection of short-loop ocean floor screensavers.
Theyr'e in heaven.  
I loved Peter Pan as a child; I loved the idea of flying; I loved the lesson of being honorable, of admitting your mistakes and rectifying them; and the desire to never grow up and take on adult responsibilities.
This quickly became my daughters movie of choice!  
It is very flimsy, so I wouldn't trust it for more than chips and a sandwich.  
You won't be diappointed!
I came very close to contacting the dealer.
I was happy with the shipping time...
Keeps getting better and better.
One of Disney's best films.
We bought this for a two year old who loves bangles, bracelets and Minnie.
I am happy to do bussisness with this seller!!
The pieces are a little thin, so if your child is not careful, there is the possibility of pieces bending too.
The original BBC series had found a formula for that, and gave it an appropriate low budget gloss to finalize the product.
Unlike a lot of the other dolls, it really looks like the character its supposed to portray.
This has to be the cheapest Disney product I have ever bought and we have bought many.
Even more so in person.
Disc 2 features "Bearing Up Baby" in which the gang go on a camping trip until they encounter Humphrey Bear who saves a small boy and befriends him, "Out to Launch" features Dale and Chip accidently launched into space around the Earth's surface for Gadget and Monty must find a way to get them down.
It's your jungle book friends in metropolis style 1940'sLoved all the planes!!!Thanks and support!!!
Disney Studios 37th full length animated feature film Tarzan, seems to be another forgotten film from the Disney cannon.
but, I bought it
Release and Reaction3.
More than anything, I thought that the dnouement of the series was very well done.  
The colors are fun and they sparkle a little bit.  
My husband and I bought this for our daughter and she was riveted.
If not, she stays voiceless forever.
Great movie for the kids and the adults.
I was pleased with the hair texture.
Fight With Ursula (Alternate Ending)2006 PLATINUM EDITION*
THE MOVIE:I loved watching the Disney animated films on VHS when I was a kid, but as I got older I tended to favor the more recent Disney hits ("Aladdin", "The Lion King", etc.) over the original classics.  
Very good price also.
My granddaughters love Anna & Elsa & putting puzzles together.
This is a blow up wings.
they didn't even require me to send the old one back.
One of the best Pixar movies!
This crown lasted a lot longer before falling apart and breaking.
For Christmas Santa is bringing our daughter a Disney dream castle for the full size dolls -- despite the poor reviews about the quality of work the elves put into it at Santa's workshop ...
This is such a cute movie, despite some slightly disturbing imagery.
Santa was so kind to bring it to her for Christmas.  
So far, the action and story has kept me watching.
The brilliant Paul Scofield plays Van Doren's distinguished and unimpeachably honest and dignified, rich and famous poet father (a similar character to Sir Thomas More in "A Man For All Seaons"  for which Scofield won an Oscar as Best Actor in 1966)
This is a very safe toy, that my little girl enjoys playing with.
Max Fischer is one of the most odd ballishly relatable characters to ever star in a film: He is like a mash up of the Graduate's Benjamin Braddock, Election's Tracy Flick, and of course Harold from Harold and Maude.
The picture is often breathtaking, with dark, brownish hues and a lot of depth.
I bought it for my grandchildren and they are enjoying watching it!
As Hook, Conried creates a truly great villain: charming, scheming, ferocious, vengeful, cunning and (where the hungry crocodile is concerned) hysterically nervous.
Two-thirds of it range from A- to A+ and 4 other good episodes besides.  
How can you not love the classic duck tales cartoon?
I had several parents asking me where I got the cake done because they didn't know anyone did Jake cakes.  
I'm giving it 4 stars because her clothes are very cheaply made - when my daughter tried to sit Ariel down in the mermaid skirt, it ripped a huge hole in the fabric near her rear end!
The storyline also shifts so frequently so that it is almost impossible to follow at any given moment who is allied with who and betraying whom.
She is absolutely beautiful!
Yes I saw this one and thought it was great now with Grandchildren on the way I needed movies for them as well.
The trailer is not a great trailer to represent it, but I really enjoyed the movie.
I paired it with a beauty and the beast gown.
My wife is an all time fan of The Little Mermaid and she absolutely loved the 3D version.
It was definitely worth the purchase for me and my family - it keeps us all entertained.  
Bambi, love the movie.  
I've since replaced Lambie with the slightly larger plush (non interactive) version as my daughter likes to sleep with her friends and small interactive lambie fails on this count as well.
The images have a depth and presence which isn't evident in the DVD print.
Much improved experience!
That's the mark of a great movie.
I am a mickey lover!
A convoluted, darker plot line that lacked a lot of the fun of the first movie.  
SPOILERS FOLLOWWalt Disney's 1953 animated film "Peter Pan" is one of several films that helped build a sterling reputation for the company's feature-length animation.  
These are the types of movie productions that every child should see.
She loves them.
Why is it so hard to make two additional things to this tub.
He loves it because its bright and soft and he loves the little pockets in front to put his toys in.  
Our two year old loves it.
AND THEN HE BEGAN NOTICING BUZZ MORE.
and I will also order a second one for a gift in the future.
I'm going to go with a generous 5 stars because a lot of the film is wonderful and I do think it has been somewhat unfairly maligned.
There have been several versions of toddler dolls for the Disney princesses and this is by fall the best collection that has been released.  
First off this movie seems to drag on and on.
I love him!!
Walt Disney Pictures did a fantastic job of editing the novel to make it suitable for children, as they have done with many of their motion pictures adapted from classic novels and fairy tales.
Disney's "Bambi' is a feast for the eyes, and ears.
The goal is to find and collect six of these pieces by selecting a card with their picture and then spinning a spinner that will give you an object to pick one of two character tiles to remove and so peer under the sea in hopes of finding the pic on the card.  
I am sure I will be some as gifts in the future.
I am very happy with this purchase.
Everything works perfectly.
Overall this is a set I wouldn't pass up if you're a fan of Disney animation, but it would have been great if more care was given to the shorts.
Plus we also purchased, but is larger.
Every single Friday for share day at school she brings a different Ariel.
When you pay for a Blue Ray you should get the best.  
I certainly can see what draws so many people, young and old, deeper and deeper into its underwater adventure.
I don't know what to tell you, I was on a flight when I watched it and was very tired.
I have to wonder why F.N. II hasn't been made.
They tried and they mostly succeeded in their try for a family film, and the locations were really great.
Other than that, my daughter has really enjoyed the clothes
Watching it in 3D was like experiencing it for the first time.
Great pixar movie and one of my favorites.
Ask for it over and over.
Very cute set.
I'm comparing it to the VHS copy I watched till it broke as a kid, as well as the more recent 2004 "Masterpiece Edition" DVD that I not-so-secretly watched a bazillion times as an adult.  
We had been looking for this DVD as one of the younger members of the family REALLY wanted it!  
breathtaking animation and a different style in music score with Phil Collins performing the majoirty of it, Tarzan is an adventure that seems perfect for a Disney animated film.
With snappy dialog, rich production values and an ensemble who sells every note (Paymer and Azaria are a marvelous pair), `Quiz Show' gets so much right
This has some wonderful songs and it is amazing how well these are still known.
Beauty and the Beast is a masterpiece that still thrills and charms the socks off anyone fortunate enough to discover it today, young or old.
The second movie is about a boat race down the Mississippi river.  
I gave these to her when she went from a toddler bed to a big girl bed.  
You know, I think they make these movies for people a lot younger than me.
Belle lives in a French village and loves nothing more than a good book and when the local Casanova Gaston (who is odious and vain) tries to take her hand in marriage she can think of nothing worse.
If you have watched one season, you will want to keep watching until it ends (yes it is that good)!  :)
The voice acting is what actually takes this film to the next level.
How can you not love a classic?
I  wish they made this in a Queen for I have to make a skirt for it for my daughter but its a pretty comforter with lots of colors to go with many color schemes.  
I was a child in the 90's and remember all of these episodes (ok, so I might have been raised by a TV in my bedroom).The great thing about this show and collection is how imaginative it is, and there is always a good moral lesson (although it doesn't smack you in the face like a big piece of salami).
It's nice and cushion-y
Like mentioned earlier, the ventriloquist actually takes a good short and lowers the quality of the short he's telling.
We purchased this to go along with the Jake and the Never Land Pirates ship.
A film that can be viewed over and over and still retain a freshness.
We love the doll but the clothing construction is very disappointing!
A great movie and worth the money to rent/stream/buy.
Impossible to give any other DVD a higher recomendation.
With stunning video and excellent audio and many insightful bonus material this BD/DVD combo is a must-own release.
This film and the other related titles ("Now You See Him, Now You Don't" and "The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes") have blessed me and my family with a great gift:  clean and innocent laughter.  
a wonderful show for young children it will keep them entertained for hours and hours and hours.
It's a lot smaller than I would like - I don't think it fits a kid size Thermos to keep her milk cold.  
She already has so much Sofia stuff, and the talking doll, so this was just perfect to add to her collection.  
The movie is about a truck that's friends with a race car, but another set of cars are plotting against the race car over a battle about oil.
I am over 20 and I love
The entire doll is soft and cuddly, even the hair.  
He plays Max Fischer, who is a 15-year-old student at Rushmore, a private school.
The rabbit has no trouble at all, but when Bambi tries he keeps falling.
it would not upscale correctly & I noticed a lot of blur also jagged lines during playback, and before you say it's my player that's simply Not True I own other standard format animated DVDs & they all look great on my current blu-ray player accept the DuckTales DVD, and when DVD looks bad on a good player it usually means it's not a genuine DVD or it's just a really poor transfer.
kids of all ages will enjoy the exploits of eloise.
Lambie is very cute as well and says a couple of phrases - my daughter giggled with delight when she hugged her and suddenly she said "I need a cuddle!"
Who would not love it?  
It's loose, zany, irreverent style is welcome to kids brought up on Spongebob and Bullwinkle.
we bought these to replace the matching tub when she grew out of it.
This special edition with its new games and special intro by Walt is definitely a great addition to collector's edition and for those who have never seen the classic Alice in Wonderland.
But its appearance is good.
This is pretty much the view of a lot of people and its 44% on Rotten Tomatoes is reflective of the dissatisfaction.
I've tried to show this to kids and they love the opening with the dolphins, but then fall asleep out of boredom (same with a few adults).
He got out of the entertainment rat race in 1974 and ran his family wine company along with some other business interests.
The bare threads of Adams's original storyline are still there, plain as day, and they still work excellently.
Irritating, I know, if someone else were in the room, but rather fun when I watch it alone.
The first hour made no sense to me.
Another feel-good offering of entertainment--what's to feel bad about with these great old Disney cartoons?!  
The Little Mermaid was released to theatres in 1989, and suprisingly it did splendid!
Watch and sing along, I always do.
Fish slowly swim right out of the screen, reefs stretch far into the watery distance, aquarium rocks and decorations provide a sense of boxed-in space and suitably cramped scope, sharks and sea turtles float in and out of the foreground, jellyfish clump believably to form a net of deadly obstacles, and the movie looks as if it were designed from the ground-up with a 3D presentation in mind.
We've been waiting, and waiting, and waiting, and waiting, and...  you get the picture...  for this movie to come out on Amazon instant video!  
The movie won an Academy and Golden Globe Award in the category of Best Music, Original Song for the song You'll Be In My Heart by Phil Collins.
It's worth $10 at most!  
He's only in Davy Jones' Locker.
I'm sure this is a big reason why this set hasn't sold out....maybe if enough fans call or write Disney, they will answer the request with the remaining episodes for both shows released.
Unfortunately, Maurice has informed the townsfolk about the Beast, and Gaston, the dashing but boastful and unsuccessful suitor for Belle's affections, becomes dangerously jealous.  
I think this is a pretty decent value as far as stuffed figures go.  
a great banderas movie  filled with action and suspence i would rate it at the top of all movies i have watched
This is my favorite episode of the season.  
As a third IMO, it is easily the most beautiful short Disney has ever made, not only because of the use of Borodin's "Nocturne," but because the ending is not at all sugar-coated.  
I dropped allot of money for one so its really better than the movie theaters.
There are actually very good climbing scenes and a decent Disney story to be had in this film based on a novel about the first successful climb of the Matterhorn.  
He is tall and handsome, the clothes are well made.
A must addition to your Pooh collection.  
Fantastic set and she is just thrilled to have them both,
Now my son is sad his Buzz doesnt work anymore and he only got to play with him for 3 days.
For one, not only does it have the original Art Linkletter hosting opening day at Disnayland with Mr. Disney giving his most memorable speech, "to all who visit this land, welcome", and having the mayor of Anaheim also give his opening day blessing speech, it also features the opening day parade, and guest stints by Fess Parker and Buddy Ebsen singing songs in Frontierland.
In fact, I know a few adults who won't watch it because of that event.
The cinematography of the distant mountains and lakes is perfect.  
This young lady is a favorite of my daughter.  
This is a Disney Classic!  
The colors are bright and the image is clean.
Whatever love Lotso did not get in the movie he is getting now!
She is a very cute doll and lambie is cute also.
This is a movie i have liked since i was a kid  it worked great and braught back good memories thanks
But it's a popular title and Hollywood's long since run out of fresh, moneymaking ideas, so after two-plus decades in development hell, somebody finally gave it a green light.
Traditional "villains" are now misunderstood victims, "bad boy" heartthrobs meant to make girls fall in love with them, or if they are truly villainous they are not pariahs but might even be the personal "hero" of the primary protagonist until the primary protagonist learns what he's really like.  
i enjoyed it alot.
We bought one from toys r us.  
I have watched it several times because of content, gorgeous photography and superb acting by Charles Martin Smith and Brian Dennehy.
I noticed how great the backgrounds are in the film.
I love Bill Murray but Jason Schwartzman stole the show.
Pan" is a story for all the family, and brings out the best of us all.
It's set in America (the most American part of America) and has all-American characters.
I loved Beauty and the Beast as a kid, and was so excited to see that not only is it now in HD, but in 3D also.
Its too bad that the manufacturer uses cheap materials to make toys for young children who are hard on them.
Sad parts as per any Disney movie family dysfunction and a happily ever after tale.
You can fly You can fly, you can fly!!!!
It seems to be made for older children.....and don't think it will hold the attention of the younger grandkids.........Will have to see if they understand when we're watching it together.......
I would recommend this to all Toy Story Fans.
Alice should be really scared.
I got this but in the mean time there was a special at Target that was 1/2 price
Disney dropped it on this conversion, very poor!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I like this much better than the Princess series because the Princess dolls come with the tiny shoes and for young kids who knows where you are going to find them and just pray no choking.  
They are worth it for a Tinker Bell fan.
I'm 35, and I too love to watch cartoon movies!
Like the show itself, the shows on these sets of DVDs improve as they move forward chronologically, primarily because as the show became more popular, it was able to attract better guest stars.
The only bad thing is literally yesterday 1/29/14 my daughter chewed the tail off of Maximus the horse...SIGH....going to super glue it back on~!
A beautiful doll with very nice details.
A great buy and a fine addition to any 3D collection.
As I mentioned earlier I do really like the concept.
It seems like they used edge enhancements on the characters.
It portrays the desire of children to fly, have a magical friend, and travel to a world of adventure.
This is a cute first puzzle for children who like Disney princesses.
What I learned is that AIW has been rendered in about every way you can imagine.
Here, it is Edgar Bergen all the way.
Packaging was fine for a used DVD and they watched it with no problems.
I bought this for my cousin and she seemed to like it.
I stretched the rubber band and it worked!
In 1957, a weekly quiz show, 'Twenty-One', often referred to as 'The Sixty-four Thousand Dollar Question', was the indisputable number-one show on television.
This is one of my favorite shows.
That one has even errings!
If you like classic Disney movies, this is a MUST!!!
It wasn't THAT good.
Nevertheless, this has not changed my daughter's opinion of her one iota.
Belle is not your run of the mill damsel in distress, waiting to be saved by Prince Charming.
In short, you could watch the movie just for fun; as a welcome escape from the world of men.
I'm hard pressed to think of an animated film that's as concrete and moving as Beauty and the Beast.
The bits with him & Scrooge are great, but the focus on Webby sucks.  
We have every episode on our DVR and they watch the episodes all the time.  
The munchkin deluxe didn't have any crevices on the seat to clean, but the guard was always soaked in pee, which meant lots of wiping down after each use - in addition to cleaning the entire toilet and floor.
The animation was wonderful, but the story made this movie great.
Watching it with them brought back memories of my childhood (not to mention made me want a bath)!Although we haven't converted to Blu-ray (slackers), we purchased this edition so we had the option to in the future, without having to replace it (please don't let anything else come out!), and it also had the digital copy.  
So I'm making plans to woo and marry Belle").  
I love this movie very much!My wife loves it even more.
It's a Great movie!
Watching it now, I found the leap from Bambi's youth to maturity quite abrupt, and I recall as a child finding that somewhat confusing.  
If you appreciate quirky comedy, Rushmore won't disappoint.
Don't bother with an expensive tub, this thing is amazing!
Of all the Disney movies this is my #1, it has it all and I've owned it on VHS, Laser Disc( which looked better than the DVD copy) and now on Blu-Ray.
He'll surprise you at times, make you laugh, and leave you wondering how he came up with such original ideas.
Bottom line: 'Peter Pan' is one of Disney's most completely realized and satisfying movies.
I would very highly recommend this film for anyone of any age.
The story really does have Man as the villain, but I guess that's not too surprising for a story about deer.
Pinocchio (1940 Disney) was a "message movie" for adults as well as children.
I bought this toy for my 8 year old daughter who is a huge fan of the movie Brave.  
The DVD is well worth watching.
There's a difference between enhancement and ruining.
Like every kid says after watching it "I wanna watch it again".
got money back.
Entertaining for both children and parents.  
I am pleased with this Mickey Mouse egg ring.  
He is one of the best pilots in Cape Suzette.
A couple of the wheels have broken off but I was able to super glue them back on.
It would have been nice to know what that would have been like, but now we'll never know.  
If your child wants it, and you think they'll enjoy it, again, my opinion, younger kids between 3-5 I think will get the best use out of this doll.  
Later that evening, Kala takes Tarzan to the home where she found him so he can have some closure in his life.
It is about the kid that we all have inside and never wants to grow up.
Kathryn Beaumont, who is still alive, voiced Wendy Darling in Peter Pan.
Yet I have seen some younger reviewers on here who appreciate the good material Disney used to produce.
I wouldn't make a habit of that though.
The characters are diverse and keep you coming back for more.
I will post this review as well in the Aladdin import Blu Ray page to help anyone trying to decide if they should get that one also.  
She has a life span of age 25 or 30.
This third installment is just as fun as the other two in the series.
4 jigsaw puzzles to keep your little one entertained they will want to do the puzzles over and over this will help children learn to process shapes and help with there memories
They are cute and were a decent price.
Overall, Amazons price was the best, and I know my daughter will love the additions this Christmas!
He's a hit!  
Peter Pan was released 60 years ago and with this release it looks like it was made yesterday.
First, though, Scrooge must keep his fortune away from the Beagle Boys.  
It doesn't take more than 5 minutes to inflate but for me that is too long.
It's a beautiful story about the value of friendship.
I am sixteen years old and I love this movie.
If you have the original movie you need this one.
And I love how the movie is just so damn good after over 20 years of it's release date.
This is one of my top 5 Spider-Man episodes ever.  A+42.
Great DVD/Blu-Ray...so nice to finally own the classics that I grew up with.
I am very happy with this product.
The review I first saw on this claimed that the TV show of Recess "jumped the shark" with this movie.
this doll is well made and beautiful.  
wow wow wow.
I gave this a neutral review because I haven't seen it since I was 7 and I am unwilling to watch it again, but that is my issue and not the issue of the videographers or storytellers.
Even when cleaned up still has lots of sratches.
(USA, 1953, color, 77 min plus additional materials).Reviewed on February 3, 2013 by Eric Gonzalez for Disney Blu-ray.
While there are many site gags, subtle background humor is also present which may not be noticed during the first viewing.
i love it!
No problems with the tail when brushed.
The two Academy Awards the movie won were for Best Music, Original Score and Best Music, Original Song (Under The Sea).
i needed to know what happend next.
My daughter sleeps with him every night.
The worst episode on the volume, & possibly the whole series.  
Not super sophisticated basic good doll.
Overall enjoyable and entertaining, 4/5 stars.
I am afraid I have to fall in the latter group.
I loved this movie a great deal, and thank my friend Dory (different one, I think) warmly for encouraging me to get it.
In this installment, it has been three years since the events in Kalabar's Revenge aka Halloweentown II.
This is what Pixar looks like at its best.
Disc one features 18 shorts including the 7 Alice's Wonderland that have survived the past 80 years.
Perhaps second only to Heat.
They are posed in one position and have a circular base on which they are standing.
Read them as a kid 55 yrs.
I do like that I can use the MP3 player and play any song I want...
It arrived in time as the company said it would and ingreat condition.
My son crashes into things, the dog has stepped on it, but it still works.
I've used it twice now with a waffle batter recipe from my old Better Homes & Gardens cookbook, and my family has been very pleased with the results.
Everyone should see this movie.
The layers of depth here are beautifully examined, albeit in a sing-song and rather kid friendly manor, so that even adults can walk away feeling something in their hearts (which is precisely why this garnered that Best Picture nomination).  
Mia, Robin, and Whatnaught  are on one figure, and it's a tree with Mia and Robin sitting in it and Whatnaught near the trunk.
I couldn't get into it.
He lives organic fuel.
Probably one of my wife's favorites for her collection.
This is one of those times when the film I was watching was definitely just okay.
They are adorable.  
For any Monsters Inc. fan, it's worth every penny.
In--I guess--Davy Jones' Locker?
I ordered the jet pack for my 6 year old grandson for Halloween 2011 to go with his Buzz Lightyear costume.  
Got a few hours to kill, give it a shot.
He was very excited to get this toy for his birthday!!
I don't remember seeing this series but I really like Disney cartoons.  
In this film version Tinker Bell actually has a body; in the stage version she was represented by a beam of light.
Eloise also discovers that her favorite waiter and best friend Bill (Gavin Creel) used to be Rachel's sweetheart and is still in love with her.
After all, he didn't become the richest duck in the world sitting on his tail feathers.
We needed some closure with his out-of-touch ways of running the school.  
it can be a very relatable movie.
The change from the watercolors used in Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs to the gouache and oil paintings used in Pinocchio make for a much richer experience, especially when exploited to the nth degree.
My family love this movie,  we watch it over and over.  
Walt stepped back on this one and let his animators take control.
It will be added to my grand babies disney classic collections
I might just have to buy it now so I can watch it over and over....  :DEnjoy!
I thought the high end was somewhat lacking.
It's addicting because each episode leaves you hanging so you HAVE to watch the next one...as soon as you know it, it's really late and you're supposed to be up early for work.
I LOVE THE SERIES!!
Lesson learned haha, this movie is an oldie but goodie, it really shows how youngsters grew up in the 90's!
If you are already a fan of this movie, or if you missed it when it originally came out, "just keep swimming" along to your nearest store and pick this up, you will definitely not be disappointed.
That makes it ok for me to watch Disney movies!
Music: Nature Symphonyf.
He was too young to die but so was Heath Ledger, who died about the same time, both from drugs.
BuyBeauty and the Beast (Three-Disc Diamond Edition Blu-ray/DVD Combo in Blu-ray Packaging)instead, it's a fantastic transfer, extras, the whole shebang, but this is blatant double-dipping gone haywire.
Notice that the word "stupid" is used a lot in this review.
Thanks I will be back again
(Emily-age 5)
It has a message that resonates with all young girls and women.
The waffles are evenly cooked.
I know it probably sounds sacrilegious, but I find this much more entertaining than Disneys Cinderella.  
If your fans of The Wayans and enjoy what they bring to the small screen and the big screen you will add this to the collection.
One didn't make out of the pkg without breaking a wheel.
Unfortunately, I decided I was finally going to get the dolls after I found out that the 1st editions were discontinued!!
Remember that part in "The Little Mermaid" where King Triton finds his daughter in her secret underwater grotto filled with all manner of treasures (and dinglehoppers) from the world on man above the waves?  
Surprising himself, Ahmed becomes an effective warrior by the end of the film.
It is still top drawer, as far as I am concerned it took Disney 60 years to equal it in hand drawn animation with The Princess And The Frog.
DAFUQ!!??There are not enough terrible words in the dictionary to accurately describe the horror of this movie.
This is a hilarious movie and the dvd came in very good condition.
It's great for someone looking to see a simply good sword fighting movie
I've loved this movie since the first time I saw it.
It's just that I had been thinking about how the hero-victim-villain dynamic has been messed up so much in so much of our modern culture: traditional "heroes" are now "patriarchal oppressors" who have temporal power and have irrational hatred for anyone different, or else they're egotistical, useless, comedy relief--and when they are truly heroic, they start out powerless and put down by society, so that any altruistic heroism really takes a backseat to self-actualization (which, while it can be good, is selfish and not altruistic, and so not truly heroic, or at least not as heroic as heroic can get).  
In my opinion, this doll is overpriced.  
I have looked for this movie for a long it is not sold in stores or I have never seen it so yea
Great movie for kids and adults.  
It felt like watching a fish tank at times.
The hat is a poor choice of material as well since it doesn't hold its shape at all.  
As it is, it's a decent series of oddities and adventures that never quite come together to make a satisfying whole.
Nemo has one "bad fin," which he and his father refer to as his lucky fin, which is clearly a great deal smaller than the other.
The packaging seemed okay upon arrival, and Buzz himself wasn't in perfect condition.
The doll is nicely made.
This man really makes the rounds around the dollhouse!  
Mike and Sulley, make a great team .
This DVD comes with three different versions of Beauty and the Beast: Work In Progress which was released at the New York Film Festival in September of 1991, Original Theatrical Release, and the Special Edition which has the song Human Again in it.
The messenger tells the story of a nameless evil that preys upon the people of his father's kingdom.
It's definitely still a crowd-pleaser.
One of my favorites.
This was a little pricey, but I bought it for my third baby.  
So if you would like to take a trip down to an earlier time in your life to see some of your favorite but wonderful "adult" muppet characters plus the performers who made entertainment history as you would like to remember them, I recommend this set.
This is an opportunity to approach those delicate topics.  
It's predictable, yeah, but so was Sling Blade.  
This movie is his favorite and you can't go wrong with a classic.
xxx xxx xxx xxx
The rest of the film is just bad.  
Engaging modern fairy tale.  
Granted the bears are a little bigger, but it makes her happy.
Adapted from the brilliant story by Lewis Carroll, but with classic, colorful Disney animation and both fun and endearing songs, this version keeps to its literary roots and entertains.  
However, he loved the movie. :-)
Having watched the documentary "Walt & El Grupo: The Untold Adventures" and seeing how the 1942 South American  trip helped illustrators grasp a new style with colors, and of course knowing the phenomenal Mary Blair's contribution to "Alice in Wonderland" because of her influence from that South American trip, although this film has been discussed since the '30s and it went through so many screenplays and character designs, the long wait by Walt Disney seemed to pay off as the film is a visual feast.  
I bought this for my 3 year old son and he will sit and watch it straight through the whole movie.
There is a lot more worth mentioning but why spoil it.
I got this for my 3 year old granddaughter who loves everything Tangle/Princess related so it wasn't much of a surprise she liked this too.
I adore this film!!!
If you are a rock fan and you realize that he has based the character on Keith Richards of the Stones it all makes sense.......the villian in this movie is well played, but I have always felt orlando Bloom leaves a lot to be desired in a leading love interest
I enjoyed this film for the challenges presented to assimilate in Island culture and the heartfelt innocence portrayed...more realistic treatment would improve the message of sharing a spiritual path.
Really well done.
The skirts also hang on her around the waist.
It doesn't stay inflated for more than a few hours, it's easily pulled off by one year old...
THE VERDICT:"Alice in Wonderland" is a unique fantasy from the glory days of Walt Disney animation.  
Just what we needed.
An old man that always wanted a son and how the son ends up finding the father.
He is a Christmas present but I know he is going to be greatly loved.  
I will always miss the more rambunctious side of Pinocchio that Walt Disney chooses to ignore, and that decision makes this movie a little weaker than it could have been.  
Love the previous Pixar movie references.
For this 41-minute film, Ted travelled to visit the families of the seven artists who had children.
Additionally impressive here is the humor, which actually relies upon well developed characters and solid scripting over visual gags or (ahem DreamWorks) sexual innuendos.  
My princess loving 3 yr old was glad for Belle's song.
The kids cringe during the dentist section of the movie and rally for Nemo and his friends.  
Very nice and well done.
To reach his son he will have to battle the dangers of the ocean to find his courage and to learn that love has a limit when it become stifling.  
My son is 1 and he loved watching all the monsters.
So when I saw this on Amazon I added it to my cart right away & plan on giving it to her for her birthday.
I put the latest Tinker Bell movie on, and showed her the doll just as Tinker Bell showed up on the screen...
Well after a discussion with my 16 year old daughter one evening I decided to change that and bought the movie via instant video.
I think I paid too much for an inadequate product.
I made them shorter by twisting up a few inches ribbon at the top and securing with a push pin, and that worked better.
When we took it out of the package even it fell apart.
There is one part with some scary crabs that might be frightening for younger children.
This toy is my 3 yr.
We have not watched it yet but are anticipating it to be a good movie as we like Japanese anime.
The dvd plays in our car and the bluray is used in our livingroom.  
Disney did a bang up job in the 3D conversion!
I only listen to it on my headphones, so I'm limited in soundstage separation, but I can still clearly note different placements of the instruments during the musical numbers.
When they inadvertently bring a young girl (who they affectionately refer to as Boo) back to their world, everything gets tossed upside down.  
They have taken it apart and put it back together a few times.
So - no special anything - just the bare bones Blu-Ray - I was told that Disney is clamping down on advance copies
This is just the worst toy that I've ever bought for my child.
The clarity and colors on all of their transfers to blu ray are outstanding.
Otherwise, it is exactly as describe.
Great family movie with adventure, romance, and wholesomeness.
I hve now bouhgt 3 of these as gifts and they were all lovedage 2-6 is about the ageits easy to operate and i gave it with a copy of the DVD moviei also bought a few other of the toys story toys to go with it for giftswould recommend
Professor Z is the coolest car ever, it is very small but very cute my son really like it and has a special place in his display box.
A++++ experience was had with you.
Wes Anderson's movies are light-hearted, but they fully capture our anxiety, longing, and hope.
Likewise, the characters and the songs are memorable (and the characters are lovable--and when they're not, they're not supposed to be) and have pervaded the culture--and while I'm not the biggest fan of this particular musical style, the songs in and of themselves could tell the story, and not even every Disney animated musical does this.  
He was absolutely terrified of the monkey (he is a little creepy).  
In fact, I can barely use the velcro to keep it closed because they are so big.
If it's a Secret Princess card, the player has to guess who it is either by saying the princess's name or pointing to her.
One problem we have with the seat is the combined height of the toilet plus the seat.
As soon as I bought this DVD, I knew it was going to be very good.
I also ended up buying two of this Disney Tangled Flynn doll, one for each granddaughter.
(For about the 10th time)
The film itself is the best Disney has ever done!
This is the first Disney film where all the songs are sung off screen and not by the characters themselves.
I sent them this one along with a few others for Easter....the only complaint I've heard is from their Mom who says "Morning, Noon & Night, it's Poohmania around here...and that's great, but I'm afraid they're going to wear out the DVD's at the rate they're going!"  Can't beat that for a positive review!  :)
Disney's Peter Pan is a timeless classic, not only because people say so but because it lives up to the name as time goes by.
I guess if you're in a retirement home you may enjoy it
When Alice In Wonderland first came out in theaters it was booed by the critics, but have since then found a cult following.
My granddaughter loves this dvd.
Disney View - 16x9 full-frame viewing experience that has appropriate (static) artwork to pad out the left and right sides of the screens for those who don't like the black bars.
Peter Pan is a bit of a punk, -- certainly not a role model for any child.
Just got done watching "The 13th Warrior".
Then.. our kids did of course try to dress her up in each other's princess dresses and while this doll has jointed elbows and wrist the other does not, that is a MAJOR
Otherwise, awesome movie, with some great special effects including the crabs.
In addition, Arthur and Trillian end up requiring the assistance of others (both their robot and alien friends) in order to fulfill their mission of seeing if they can save Earth, and keep themselves alive.  
The only thing we didn't like about them was the fact that, just like with most bath toys, once water gets in it's very hard to get out.
Wanted a dvd copy for my library before it goes back in the disney vault, one of my disney faves
This Sofia doll will be treasured by any little girl who loves the show.  
A great Star Trek parody.  
Very touching, true story about the love a young missionary develops for the the people of Tonga he serves and lives with for 3 years.  
I felt that it should be bigger.
I felt like the theatrical version was so perfect in its own way it didn't need anything.
I do wish the real reason had been included.
Can't wait to get the others.
Costume Design GalleryThe Special EditionChip's Fun And Games: FOR THE YOUNG AT HEARTDisney's Animation Magic: Go Backstage of the Disney Studio1.
My mother asked for this as a gift, it is exactly what she wanted at a price I can live with!
SO I WILL HAVE ALL THREE SIZES TINY, SMALL, AND SUPER SIZED.
It left me on the edge of my seat.
Of course, we have a happy ending, and Adam has a 50-foot bunny to play with.
And speaking of which, that Queen of Hearts is one of the dumbest Disney Villains I have ever seen!
I don't know what the directors were trying to achieve by doing that, maybe experience their classic in a Saturday Morning cartoon style?
The story is a little slow, but it picks up speed as it goes.
watta cute little doggie flick this is.
And it's what makes "The Insider" so fascinating!"The Insider" on Blu-ray is recommended!
There really isn't much to say other than my daughter is in love with the fact "da really real Lambie lives my house."
He leans over the side and hits his toys on it, etc and it has held up very well.
But the film is still full of wonderful moments, like when the dwarf crewman played by Martin Klebba (yes, that's not Mini-Me Verne Troyer) fires a huge gun and gets blown backwards, the monkey Jack fires a rocket (actually, any scene he's in is pretty funny).
I am hooked on this Series as it moves along.  
I'm a sucker for Disney.
Boy was I wrong.
Should be good.
Without a doubt, the best movie Pixar has ever produced.  Period.
His wings fold and retract, then pop open and flash lights at the touch of another button.
I am 16 now and can notice the movie's theme, and why the reviews are bad.  
Alice can change size by eating things in Wonderland.
Anyway, great DVD.  Looking forward to getting the 3Blu-Ray version when it comes out.
Neither is it that great.  
I understand the reaction of those who hate the changes because they loved the old one so much.
The main characters are likable.
when his very own package came in - he was so happy.
The animation is beautiful.
bought for my five year old grand daughter.  
This is a cute game, but aimed at a very specific audience - Little girls who love Disney Princesses.
Thought I'd get more out of a Disney product.
Then again, I'm a grown man.
He has been playing with them quite a lot the past 2 weeks.
They play with them and hold them up to the TV when the characters come on or sing.
this buzz is awesome.
This is one of my favorite and in the #D we know it is going to be worth every penny.
Wings pop out, extend and light up.
Maybe it will change if people buy this.  
Daughter just loves them!
Our kids loved it and it was nice to show them the original movie since they love the ride at Disney World and are big fans of the Jake & the Neverland Pirates show.
My daughter loves this movie!
We rented this on a snowy day and ate pizza for family movie night.  
I am sure she will watch it more now that she owns it.  
This bear is very soft.  
I say again; it is TOO SMALL.What does the cake's dimensions signify--perfect people gathering to to eat perfectly?  
My boys are very much into the superhero stage, and these were perfect!!  
She is also kind, and compassionate, who else could love a beast and give up her freedom to save her father?Usually, I love the original stories by the Grimms or Anderson more than Disney, but based on the graphic horrors of the original, I actually prefer the Disney version.
Just another thing to take space out of the bath tub.
Each player draws a card.
I highly recommend this movie to any one who likes Disney or mermaids!
Am I being unreasonable in feeling it should?Well...
Presented in standard definition and was included in the original 2002 DVD.
I seem to enjoy soundtracks a lot and the movie had great animation and 3d effects way ahead of its time.
Bring a box of Kleenex!
But rocky starts have a way of leading to good things.
These decorations are great to go with the Minnie mouse themed party.
great movie all Disney movies are the best to own never get tired of watching them I own a lot of Disney movies
Each palace pet comes with her tiara and a brush for her tail.  
This movie is certainly great for kids or for family watching ...
We can watch it over and over.  
I've noticed they're doing this with the older Disney movies.
On another level, it's about the stigma of being too smart.  
One other bonus feature is a gallery of photos and posters you can view on that DVD as well.  
The seems came apart, material frayed and it just fell apart.
It seems the recent reviews are hit or miss.
Either one is a perfect addition to your family's home entertainment library.
I miss watch the tv show but you can get the dvd if the proud family and watch it over and over again.
There's also plenty of humor and the unwarranted intrusion of songs that don't seem to fit the mood of the piece.  
Having said that, I LOVE this movie!!  
I had to get the blu ray version, as I was sure they would improve the colors and sound, and boy, I was right.
I had some bent pieces and for the most part it went together nicely.  
My son does like these and plays with them.
That  being said, I would buy them again for the amount they get played with!
Prehysterical Pet:  In his eagerness to have a pet of his own and prove he can handle the responsibility, Dale secretly takes in a tiny Dinosaur visiting from another planet, but the more the Dinosaur eats, the bigger he gets!  
I think animation was nothing special, story was average at best and I didn't really like characters.
Kids love it & so do adults.
Still, my daughter LOVES this movie, and it's easy to see why.  
The cars movie is a very fun video for kids and adults to watch.
Had the VHS, have the DVD, have the CD, now I have the Blu-ray!
The movie is based on a newspaper comic strip in Japan, and it consists of moments of comedy in daily family life.  Think the animated Charlie-Brown-type mixed with Japanese-family-life-type and you may have some idea of My Neighbor the Yamadas.
got the movie for my kids since I grew up with this timeless classic and it looks wonderful in HD the Blu-ray looks great and it looks very nice in 3D as well this is a perfect movie for all ages to view and fits right up there with other classics, this is spoiler free but the audio transfer on Blu-ray was wonderful and fully surrounds you almost like your there under the sea.
My daughter (age 5) simply adores Perry.
He is past his prime but is so funny!
I enjoyed the movies and was pleased to complete my set of the Pirates of the Carribean.
Monster Inc is a grat cartoon an the tale is excellent.
I like the look of this James better then the one that came with the family play set of larger "dolls".
What a cool movie, this is one of my favorites when I first saw it with my 1 year old son.
After opening the gift and saw what she gave him, he packed up his stuff and went on an exciting journey to stop the wedding.
High quality doll with good details.
Crowe, who gained a lot of weight for the role, plays a Kentucky scientist, who has been living the good life on the payroll of a large tobacco company.  
Christmas gift for the little Doc lover in my family!
This Bullseye doll is the perfect size for the Lots O'Laughs Woody.  
It lights up and the balls swirl around when you move it along the floor.  Seems to be good quality too
Oh, my, GOSH!!
As far as the blu-ray release goes I do think that blu-ray is a superior format.
Lots of great character actors who went on to later success.
Old true, but hey it was made years ago, still neat for the family.
and I'd imagine one day she'll bend it out of proportion and it'll break.
Dreamworks now rivals Disney when it comes to animated comedies; think Shrek, Over the Hedge and How to Train Your Dragon.  
Loved it!!!
The bathtub is great and helped us a lot when our kid outgrew the baby plastic dub and decided that he doesn't want to sit still in the big bathtub.
The pieces didn't lock together very well either, and are pretty cheap themselves.
I ordered this dvd as a gift for a grandchild.  
I have to say that this feature is quite entertaining and makes you dive better into the film.
Wish they would put it back on the air.
Who doesnt love Bambi?
I loved seeing the movie in a new way.  
Actors became objects of their own ego's and then think every scene they do is immortal, timeless.
But it's 5 stars for a DVD.
Special effects were good in the first film, and were the one thing which continued to improve through the series.
What a difference!
The average Chevron commercial has a more entertaining story.
She had asked for a Merida mom doll and I was super excited when I found this set.
With his unforgettable friend Dory [Ellen DeGeneres] by his side, Marlin encounters an ocean full of memorable comedic character on his momentous journey - to find Nemo.
She has had so much fun with these colorful bracelets playing dress up.  
The monkey design looks very cute and the blanket is soft.
We bought it at a well known physical store rather than Amazon.
There's much more cool stuff throughout this captivating, animated adventure.
She had wanted this for a long time.
Three Men and a Baby had been done.  
He does some bad things to the town, and now, at his disgust, is made to spend time there and repair the damage he has caused.  
Fess Parker made a great Davy Crockett and also stared in Danial Boone.  
It should come with a parental warning: "your kids IQ will be reduced by 1 for every minute they spend watching this."You were warned.
He still had all the best lines and he was still the only person who really got anything done in this or knew what they were doing.
and this is about the girls mom getting ready for a wedding in England.  to a man that she does not really care for as much.  
but they are worth every penny I know for me we are saving to get the rest of the princess ones at a later time
I laugh and cry every time I watch it.
They have nice words and music to them.
And mid young kids will like the dialogue exchanged between the fish it's fun and harmless.
All disney's remasterized versions of their movies are absolutely outstanding
but maybe I'm looking at it to seriously.
As much as I hate the yellow, flimsy bases, it would have been nice on this figurine
Indeed this is just a cheap doll and if you need something breathtaking do look for deluxe doll.
and I finally said "Ugh I guess I should so I can say I have watched every Pixar film...".
It might be a decade or two before you get another chance.
This film is awesome....simply hilarious and creative
One really can't deny the pleasure of seeing two people jaunting around a steel factory to John Lennon's "Oh Yoko!".
As good as I remember!  
Design Galleries (Art Review; Characters; Environments, Color Script)* Selection of Virtual Aquariums* Introduction with filmmakers*
They are pretty easy to put together but challenging enough to keep their interest in finishing it.
(Boy never apologizes for getting into trouble.)I did find the Sharks Anonymous part funny.
I am so glad I purchased this.  
In addition, there are two accessories.
The salesmen expounds upon the design, interior, even the radio.
cant wait to watch it over and over
I wouldn't say it smells like strawberries though, although it DOES have a bit of a scent to it.  
Yeah, it's pretty too, but prettiness in a film can just as easily turn against itself as a negative instead.
Great for the whole family!  
so it adds another layer to the story that has gone unseen until now.
This applies to both boys and girls.
It does not have a drain, though this is not a huge issue.
The game ends when any player has their tiara, bracelet and ring filled with the sparkling gems.
for the entire family.
She asked for it and picked it out on Amazon and she wanted all Frozen gifts for her birthday.
I wish it was the trilogy, rather than the 2-disc set.
so he wanted a bunch of the main characters we had a hard time finding this one, he saved for a long time for this car and bought it with his own money.
She out grew her baby seat so I wanted something to give her room to be independent but keep her safe.  
teriffic movie it is Disney how could it be otherwise.
Bigger than the ones that come with the Decopak cake decoration kit with the castle, which is why I bought these - to add additional princesses to my cake, but it didn't work out.  
IN THE PHOTO THE LACE ONE HER DRESS IS DEFINED AND VISIBLE AND SHE HAS A WHITE TRIM ON HER DRESS.
Now the family can enjoy it.
Also going to use them on her cake.
They have 3 different recurring villains, but they're only in 8 episodes here.  
Thanks to you all for excellent service,I decided to have to copies of this product.
Original Song Demos - Featuring song demos for "Beware The Jabberwock"; "Everything Has A Useness"; "So They Say"; "Beautiful Soup"; "Dream Caravan"; "If You'll Believe In Me"EXTRAS:"Alice in Wonderland: 60th Anniversary Edition" comes with a slip over case and a DVD version of the film.  
It's high quality since it is from the Disney Store.
I love the Hitchhiker's books.
Didn't really treat you as a child.
This actually began to make my eyes water and get tired very quickly.
We've had the new lambie for two months and she's still working great.  
The film begins when Ahmed (Antonio Banderas) is banished from his city for looking at another man's wife.
Also the Bluray version on a 1080p screen looks amazing!!
When it did it would fall...
"Alice in Wonderland"
Walt Disney was not a healthy company at the time.  
Get a life, you schmuck.
He doesn't go near it and I think it's because of the character in the film.
I know because she doesn't scream when they go the dark part.
Ditch this movie.  
I have only 1 small complaint about it, the figurines don't fit inside the box when not in use.  
My two year old just transitioned to a toddler bed so I got him this set since he loves Mickey Mouse.  
They are still just as good today.  
(To its credit, "Bambi" shows the deer in Winter in a state of near-starvation.)I object to killing animals wantonly, or simply to acquire a trophy.
They watched it all day twice!  
I feel like the "love story" formula they used in the show is a bit over used and got a little annoyed with the constant pratfalls that the lead character is forced to endure but I love the bacholorette party and getting to hear the singing of both Julie Andrews and Raven (can't remember her real name!)Oh and the closet is practically a character in its own right!!
His presided over the creation of 6 or so cartoon movies I regard as immortal (Snow White, Pinocchio, Dumbo, Sleeping Beauty, Lady and the Tramp and The Jungle Book is my list, not forgetting Mary Poppins, which isn't a cartoon).
it is a good movies I would say it part of a set of The Monkeys goes home if you buy this one you need to buy this one as well It is good for kids to watch as well
She really wishes that it had more curlers for her dolls hair, but other than that, she loves the real sounding hair dryer and pretending to curl or straighten EVERYONE'S hair!  
For a basic plot summary, this movie poses that the "monster in the closet" you were scared of as a kid was indeed real and just trying to scare you to collect your screams, which powers their entire industry.  
I thought they would be bigger and plastic.
My 5 year old was soooo looking forward to playing this game, and I was almost as eager to play it with her, but after playing it a few times we were both rather disappointed with it.  
The worn and dirty qualities have been recreated in the product, making it feel like an old favorite instantly.
ONE OF THE MOST ENDEARING DISNEY MOVIES EVER.
Chicken Little is mercilessly ridiculed on a massive scale for most of the movie's 81 minutes.  
I love this movie and so do my kids.
But is very realistic and soft all over!
The DVD was wrapped in bubble wrap and I received it very quickly.  
It's really heartening to see such a display of heroism in our modern time.
Several years have past and Belle enters his life when he takes her father captive.
How can you go wrong with a story about eternal youth featuring pirates, Indians and mermaids?
I wouldn't put it past them.  
Sure there are occasional weird, off-model moments, but not nearly as in Little Mermaid (and you get the feeling they may even be deliberate, e.g. when Gaston is flexing in the pub).  
When I spoted this one with Smee I knew it would be a winner because of Smell and the littlest pirate with Jake.  
I don't even like "artsy movies" but the writing is incredible with unforgettable characters.
The Little Mermaid's always been my favorite disney movie of all time.
Its easy to put together and is pretty big!
If ypou don't buy this then you are missing out on a great movie.
The Stage Is Set2.
Was a nice inexpensive gift that we could do together.
Hudson, the big Buick with the big chrome grill behaves exactly how it looks, as does ol' rusty bucktoothed Mater, and my favorites Guido (Volkswagen) and Luigi (forklift).
Pooh's Grand Adventure is the latest Disney DVD featuring Pooh and his friends at the 100-Acre Wood.
Because the firm was made in standard format - the screen image is basically square.
It is funny, touching, and good to see even the third or fourth time.  
It's not fun when it's constantly breaking while you're trying to play with it.  
Based on measurements alone, it seems like it should fit, but something about the curves of the spout and the shape of this cover didn't work.
They get watched over and over again.
Its more than a classic.
Well worth the time to go back and revisit (or find) this entertaining show.
Just a typical doc kit..
Once you hear Bill Murray say, "Yeah, I was in the @#$%," you know you're in for something special.
Disney was getting it right all those years ago.
But 1951's "Alice in Wonderland" has all the artistry, charm, and magic one expects from Disney's Golden Age.  
I have all the episodes now.
One of the best things about Tarzan is his innocence, his relationship with is friends and family are tested and he chose them.
Very nice and clean and no hidden meaning, out there in the open.
It succeeds, at least in a basic way, in capturing part of the manic but imaginative nature of Lewis Carroll's story.
The animation is well done if they could have ditched the cutesy parts.
It is wild to see the stars that were on the show all over again.  
It wasn't like I could give my daughter Anna without Elsa!
Miss Potts (Angela Lansbury), Cogswoth (David Ogden-Stiers) and Lumiere (Jerry Orbach), the Beast's household staff watch with hopeful eyes.
I think it will pick up again.
This is a very cool Woody doll.
This is a great family movie.  
great story and cute fish.
I loved this as a child, and was excited to give to my 6 year old for Christmas.  
i used to watch PeterPan when i was a little kid
Only Blu-ray could possibly match the beauty of childhood memories, and once again, it did not disappoint.  
The characters are all so cute, and cleverly thought out.  
I would absolutely recommend these to any parent looking for an awesome (and worth the money) monster truck set.
Anyhow, I had to rent it.  
The rabbit takes Bambi to the pond to skate on the ice.
I can't say enough about this movie and the fun we have watching it.
He can be off the wall funny "What about Bob?" but he can also be hilarious just standing in an elevator hiding beer cans in a cart full of nursing scrubs.
While I did smile a few times during the movie, she was the first character to make me laugh.
You pick a card and try to guess the princess associated with it.
I'm referring to all the comercials and tv shows where the dad apparently can't change a diaper, cook a dinner, change a light bulb, or even make the simple family decisions but is somehow able to provide money to the family but isn't good for anything else....
It's thrilling and amazing.
Mulan - Ming-Na9.
You need to watch this one..
Because there will be many films, from silent films, classic animated film to top films from the '50s and '60s and even films made today that people will find a problem with certain content.  
They were flexible enough to fit my head, wrist and finger, so no worry on the sizes.  
Very good quality.
We start with Alice following the white rabbit who is "late, late for a very important date."
If you have daughters, steer clear of this movie, and if you have sons you might want to consider making sure they are not picking up those ways of thinking.
Adventure, adventure, adventure.
Visually stunning, sweet, understated tale of under prepared young explorer sentto the Artic region to observe wolves.
We have expanded and own a plethora of toys based on this movie and have had much magical fun.
In Cars, for whatever reason, the power in such moments is lacking.
It plays good too!
Thank you Amazon for carrying such great movies.
Joshua was thrilled with it!
Recommendations: Provide a digital copy with each and every blu-ray/dvd combo pack.
It is movies like Monsters Inc that will never get old or boring and will always have sentimental (irreplaceable) value for a long time.
They love it now.
He would cry in his old one because it was uncomfortable.  
This not only has lovable characters, but lovable score and great digital animation by CGI.
Had to grab it before it went back into the vault again.
She was very happy to receive it.
Black Beard is one scary dude.
There's some funny footage here, such as the actor who played Eric rowing in a serious scene while on an office chair with oars, and the girl who played Ariel diving in a giant freezing tank so that the filmmakers could capture what hair looks like underwater.
The movie had to focus on action, and as such, it didn't spend much time on character, as the main audience would value action.
So the deluxe doll was the answer!The difference is unbelievable.
And the scenery was spectacular.
I had ordered an American version and they sent one that won't play in the Us, So if I could give a zero rating I would.
I like that it fits regular &  elongated seats.
If you like Kim Possible-
[Blu-ray 3D]
You can watch every detail, every nuance, every texture in the screen.
i grew up watching this show
and we bought these toys to play with in the tub and they have held up great so far even though im not sure they were intended for water play.
I would definitely recommend this product.
Just got this yesterday and I'm so excited to fill it out!
I also don't understand all the harsh comments regarding the quality.
The movie does show his dedication to his cause.
Purchased this movie so can be watched over and over.  
but we don't have a shower divert on our spout so it doesn't stay put.  
then u drop in another pretty lady some mystery, money and backstabbing and u have a recipe for good times.
Interviews with those actually involved in the film make this a must-see.*Tricks of the Trade: Excerpt from 1957 Disneyland TV show, with Walt explaining the creation of the multi-plane camera, which gave so much depth to his animated movies.*Inside The Disney Archives:
My mom tells me she sleeps with it and plays with it all day long.
Just like Zurg from the movie.  
Watching it online isn't the same, of course, but it's adequate.
This is a very adorable brave doll.
They are huge and beautiful!!!
And of course, the animation is always stunning.
As there are no Doc costumes out there, I thought to add a touch of authenticity by getting this bag.
The best thing I can say about this film is the absence of the latter in this picture.
The film also has a very good message about women being strong leaders and believing in themselves- the standard feel-good Disney fluff.
(as one who got smacked in the face while my Buzz was off to save the galaxy, I can vouch for that).  
It's almost like being an anthropologist when watching this because there are so many interesting details that one encounters.
I have not watched this movie yet, but I have watched the movie before, thus my reason for purchase.
The casting on this movie was horrible, the delivery of the lines, as if they were asleep, and the voice of the robot simply boring and without any reason to laugh.
You feel a certain loss when certain ones die and are happy that others lived by the end.
And some fine performances including the always reliably interesting and off-center Bill Murray.
If you missed something, you have to restart the entire section from the beginning to see it again.  
Again this was during the time when Disney was really still true to Walt and this movie shows it.
I used to watch the Muppet Show without fail (I was an adult - sort of).
The eye shadows are glistennign like snow.4.
The quality is good too!
I think everyone knows about this movie.
BTW this is my 21 year old daughters favorite movie!************UPDATE ***** UPDATE ******UPDATE *******
I love this movie!
Peter Pan was the last movie the Disney's famed "Nine Old Men" worked on together.
We fill the regular tub up with clean water and then scoop in into the blow up tub with bubbles.
This durable toy is perfect for any frozen lover.
A great spotlight for Duckworth.  A51a.  
My husband channged out batteries and no change.
It is fun and packed with dazzling sequences and the characters (Tarzan, Jane, Turk) are easy to love and cheer for.  
I'm now enjoying it with the my granddaughter.  
I, on the other hand, found it excruciating.  
I own the Gold Edition of this release and it will have to do until a decent upgrade comes along.
They can also be redeemed on Ultraviolet services too, such as Vudu or Flixster.
I have a 2 year old daughter and she absolutely loves this movie.
When you get to Mrs. Potts section of the DVD where you The Making of Beauty and the Beast is just and edited version of Origins of Beauty and the Beast in Cogsworth & Lumiere's Library section.
It's much thinner than the thickness of a camping sleeping bag or yoga mat.
We chose this one so we could have the Blu-ray for our house, a DVD for the car and a digital copy in case something happens to either one.
Pretty much what I expected.  
We expected these toys to give her hours of imaginary play, but when she opened the figurines, we noticed they all had grey plastic stands on the bottom of them (with exception of the alligator).  
A wonderful great addition to my collection.
We are very disappointed in stuffy.
We often pick it for family movie night.
and look just as good.  
I ordered these to put on top of the birthday cake I am making for my son's birthday.
My daughtrer and grand daughter just love it and watch it all the time.  
There are a series of stories all revolving around the Yamada family.
We purchased this toy for my daughters tangled theme bedroom and he fits at the end of the bed on the frame of the wood.
My reasoning is she may not have a Blu-ray player now but someday she's going to
Yet another source of comedy, is the pilot, played by Brian Dennehy.  
I purchased her as a gift for my daughter.
Not just the cheap scent that is usually bottled, but the real one!
Diecast ones WOULD be better as far as durability and such, but I certainly wouldn't expect to get six diecast aircraft in a $24 set when the individual ones are running $12 or so.
I got this to see if she'd like the story before taking her to see the new Monsters U movie.
As with all the Disney sets like this they aren't perfect.
DELIGHTFUL WATCH FOR MIDDLE AGED WOMEN!  
Some episodes are really touching, and others are hysterically funny.
i recommend to all everyone must be watch this movie.
And he keeps it out of sight.
A great price to boot.
I loved to watch Davy Crockett when I was a child.
The ending was bitter sweet
However, there is a pretty heavy chemical smell that comes off the item - not sure if it's from the materials it's made with or from the coloring on the jet pack.
and I thought this would be perfect for her.
Here, Ursula is evil, with a personal vendetta against Triton and she sees Ariel as a good chance to lash out at him.
it flows beautifully with Disney's adapted tale.
Anything Mickey Mouse seems to be a huge hit to little ones today.
Carroll's stories are so enchanting and creative that it is no surprise that there have been so many efforts through the years to capture the magic of the Alice stories on film.
"Damage control" comes to mind.  
And her dress is silky and elegant.
I am a sucker for the classic Disney cartoons and always will be  one of the diehards.
I'm so glad Disney is updating all their movies to Blu-Ray.
I just flew right through season 1 after I got it
Yes, they killed animals.
After a few months of heavy play, Sheriff is still good as new.
To confirm a correct answer, you must hold the large crown jewel over the card to reveal the princess's image.  
When I saw the price of this classic Disney movie, I had to get for myself to add to my Disney collection.
I ordered this as gifts for my grand kids for Christmas...
So you may want to shop around, but other than that, an adorable accessory set for your little girl!
Toys and insects, cars, super heroes, monsters, fairy tales and of course fish.
I am going to enjoy this movie with my family.
Even though we didn't see her when she was at the retail level, we did find her for just $4.95 with free shipping, so we got a great deal.
Shop around though, because you can get this much cheaper elsewhere.
I know that my nephew wanted this, but I feel that this does not seem that it is much product for the money.
And where are the wolves?
I don't believe there are any small parts but won't know until I actually open the package.
A teacher I met in the first semester, an English teacher for whom I'd had a slight innocent crush on was now working at the local video store(I think she was the manager, but I cant be certain), anyway, she was only a student teacher, so she left after the first semester was up, and I missed her a lot, then I found that she worked at the video store, every Sunday I'd grab my movies, turn them in and rent three more, all because I could see her and talk to her about movies, video games, comics, books, anything.
When the ratings for the quiz show "21" begin to stagnate during reigning champion Herbert Stempel's tenure, the sponsors decide they want a new contestant.
I didn't find the idea of cars talking that interesting, the characters are bland and boring, the story doesn't work greatly, and there's barely an evil villain to work with.
It's not for everyone, but this replaced Terminator 2 on the top of my movie list.
We have had this toy for several months now and the tote handle did just rip off last week but it is nothing a glue gun couldn't stick back together.
The Beast is particularly amazing.
Ah, the great cartoons of the 90's.
Very happy 3 yr old at home.
The only reason I gave it 4 stars is that a week after we got it a piece broke off of it.  
This was the first Disney movie to receive an Academy Award since Bedknobs and Broomsticks.
Expect more from Disney.
Carlo Collodi's original story is one of the darkest children's stories ever written, and so Disney was obviously dealing with some very difficult subject matter.
Instead, this is a truly heartwarming film about women in a small community doing a very great thing.
It means more to 50 and above.
My daughter is four years old and loves to watch cartoon movies.
It occurred to me recently, since Netflix did not have it, to see if Amazon.com had it, and as luck would have it, they did!  
The acting is quite good and the filmmakers were clever in particular in allowing the audience to comprehend along with Ahmed what his companions are saying.
This is a Perfect Classic Children's Fantasy for all Time.  
I enjoyed it very much -- it was cute!!  
The part in the film when the boys are turned into donkeys could be deemed scary or mildly disturbing for some children, but I watched this film a lot as a kid and I never remember being upset by this part and loved this film.
I kinda wish that with all the hype there were more special features included in the diamond edition.
Don't get me wrong everything here is is good shape, but lack the wow factor that we've grown accustomed to in the Treasures line.
Between the movie theater, TV and this DVD, I've seen "Calendar Girls" several times and it never fails to entertain.
If you like stories where good things happen in the end, you will like it.
I start with that because if while reading this, I wax poetic about how this is the best of the Disney films and a work of genius while the reader is thinking "Well, its not Fantasia (or insert your favorite here) but its not bad."
maybe slight exaggeration, but they are really really good.
I love it!!
Peter Pan.First appearing in the 1902 novel "The Little White Bird", "Peter Pan" (a.k.a.
I have no idea what movie 17% of reviewers saw but as I lifetime fan of animation Peter Pan is the one film I recommend everyone see.
What can you say about the Toy that rock the world.
Have loved this movie since my older kids were born.  
b/c it's curly the more you comb it, the worse it gets.
We are very pleased with this purchase!
A true disney classic, Peter Pan is a fantastic film!
This is a very good movie the whole family can watch.
The cheapest source was indeed the Disney store.
Fun, charming, and age appropriate but enjoyable for all ages.
I was appalled at that one moron who whined about how this isn't a good "Christian" movie because there's some name-calling in this movie by some of the cars in the script.
In the past, Walt Disney was the voice of Mickey Mouse-but when he and his chief animator, Ub Iwerks first created him, Walt wanted to name this mouse Mortimer...Lillian Disney, Walt's wife, preferred Mickey.
Can't everyone sing along that theme song?
The clothes Velcro together.  
How is it that people of virtually all ages are so inexplicably drawn toward Alice and her land of wonders?I don't know.
I loved this movie and now my daughter loves this movie.
All the discs worked.
Disney movies are a favorite in our family.
I was so disappointed.  
He gets Pinocchio ready for school, yet his son is conned by Foulfellow "Honest John" and Gideon.
A very touching, awesome, funny movie!
Great story and art.
Then releases them on Blu Ray in a single box set and adds as much bonus material as they can find.
This feature allows people to watch a film on their iPad or laptop and sync it with what they are watching on TV, so you can use the iPad or laptop like a remote but while watching it on screen of your portable device.
so soft and durable.
Is it still a movie worth seeing?
I would recommend the Disney Store Merida doll to any collector or girls who like the Disney Princesses.
It is simple and the hair dryer actual blows cool air (battery operated).  
Ours has already got a hole in it.  
(Close-up kissing leads into a far-off shot of them fooling around on a bed through a camera concealed in the television in her room.)
I have a 3d tv and the 3d is ok.  
Comes with Standard Size pillow case, toddler bed size sheet and crib mattress sheet cover as well as a comforter.
The pros: 1) He looks amazing up close.  
I am so disappointed in this- our daughter loves princess dress up but we clearly should have skipped this product.
Nanny is such a wonderful character, always guiding Eloise, and being kind and compassionate.
You have everything from the 2-Disc CE DVD that includes hours upon hours of making of featurettes, trailers, two shorts, an audiocommentary, publicity and much much more.
You probably know this girl from that "Call Me Maybe" song that took over the world for a short while.
Although World War II was now over 10 years behind, new challenges were facing America.
He's got lovely dangly legs and a funny face that my girls love.  
For about $15, you can't go wrong, 5 stars!
Wonderful for young and old alike!
There are so many subtle gags, play on words, and just off-ball humor that it is hard not to find something to like, but not necessarily take too seriously.
The Fred Waring Show (Excerpt) - (30:56) The Fred Waring show featuring Kathryn Beaumont and Walt Disney promoting "Alice in Wonderland".*
And through this, we see Max grow up, and become more mature.
Unlike the blockbuster films that have so many factual errors, there are incredible movies that tell of the brave men and women, civilians mostly, who risked everything to save lives.
Don't get me wrong, much of the music is great, in particular during the spirit scenes.
This game is a look and find type of game.
It all started with "To The Rescue" which was a TV animated movie pilot that aired earlier that year to high ratings thus made a series that lasted from 1989 till 1991 since then with quality disney animation and memorable chracters, not to mention that memorable theme song.
The story doesn't shy away from the darker side of the fame that comes with the calendar's success: the women soon have to deal with invasive journalists, embarrassed children, stressed-out husbands, and all the pressure that the attention puts on them.
Outside mesh pocket can hold a water bottle.
Nice pillow, and very cute design, but I had to return it.
We got this for our 3 year old for Christmas.
It is a Disney DVD, and if you own old and original Chip'n Dale DVDs (the ones with Donald Duck), you may hope that this one is just as great.
I purchased them for my nephew and he loved them.
forSwiss Family Robinson (Vault Disney Collection)the following year.
Cinematography is great, storyline is great, acting is great.
It's thin tin and the hinge clamp that locks it closed seems suspect.  
This movie is very clever it has a big message that every one is different and you shouldn't stereotype people!!
(Get itscene it)
Disney's "Honey, I..." canon, especially "Honey, I Blew Up the Kid" (hereafter HIBUTK), would have been comfortably at home at "Wonderful World of Disney".
She loved the new music video and could watch it all day.
The Making of Bambi: A Prince is Born - A wonderful making-of featurette (about an hour long) featured on the original DVD.  
Great set for a small kid!
While watching the new BAMBI blue-ray disc, the one new feature that was added was an interactive one.  
Back then Walt Disney was in charge and he demanded that each film have three things: (1) an actual story, (2) likeable characters and (3) something for everyone.  
I never could understand why she wanted to become human, even as I got older... after all, she barely knew Eric!
Just remember to spray some cooking oil to make it come out perfectly.
Great soundtrack too.
I first saw 'Peter Pan' in the 1960's, during one of its period re-releases by Disney; and remembered it a a pretty good "...kid's film..."I recently re-visited this movie, under the prodding of my 11 year-old daughter; and, I am grateful to her for pushing me into it. '
Amy O'Neill from Honey, I Shrunk the Kids makes a brief cameo during the first ten minutes of the film.
The musical score especially adds a lot to this film, and doesn't every girl at some point dream of having Belle's yellow dress?!
It's ok but the other movie is better.
I love this movie!  
It is interesting and even the adults enjoy it.
Hail Odin!!!!!!!!
I bought it for my 2 year old but I think I watch it more.
I bought her the 1st & 2nd seasons.
I would recommend it to anyone.
This is a good length for most children at just over 80 minutes and it should kept hem spellbound for the duration.
I also recommend the Disney cartoon series Talespin.
The Thomas Newman composition/ scoring is subliminally brilliant throughout.
New animations come up that are fresh and clever and heart-touching, strong in plot, fresh in ideas and technically clever.
However, there are a few key points that make this film rise above all the others.  
but I would not buy it for someone who knows the difference or wants to hold to the doll for a long while or as a memories or play a lot with it becuase this doll just does not do the job.
Just like the Hyperion Studios documentary in Snow White, this feaure covers everything that concerns the making of the film.
Once upon a time Disney released limited amount of those dolls in Deluxe version and they are very characteristic and easy to recognise, the Mulan doll in Deluxe version came with accessories - the Mushu dragon, the Dog and the brush for the hair.
For a Disney-ified tale, Pinocchio was actually a pretty decent film, and one of my childhood favorites, and one of the better ones in the Disney library.
The box says no such thing!  
Now, Peter finds her in the tree and it just jumps to the next scene with Captain Hook.
So Mia decicdes to get with the first guy that seems decent and they decide to marry, I would think that women like Mia and her friend Lily would have had some very strong objections to a thing like this if they were true to the books.
When ever you get all of these great character actors together you really get a great picture.  
Sully, George and Roz are nice!
A few people didn't like this film, but I for one honestly thought that this film was good.
This film did.
He had one before, but lost him on a trip.
I feel one of the reasons critics didn't like this movie was because it was so ahead of its time, and willing to show things that the area was no ready to see.
I saw this toy on sale for a few bucks and had to add it to my order.
I enjoy watching it, brings back memories.
I am a Billy Crystal fan, so I am a fan of the character he voices but his pairing with John Goodman is well done.  
This is a great episode to round out the disc.  
so it's not a sleeping hazard.
I like the way the pages are laid out with a spot for a photo and plenty of room to journal as well as a place to record growth.  
I really enjoyed watching this film after not having seen a version of it for many years.
The last word of dialogue is a real testament to the people who created this epic because it will always bring back loving memories when heard in the future.
my son loved it.
this film has NONE of that.  
Perfect size to compliment Woody
Bravo, Disney!
Double Jeopardy:  Mysterious sightings of a gargoyle who looks and sounds like Goliath leads he and Elisa to his clone Thailog, who had been using his three "fathers" Goliath, Xanatos, and Anton Sevarius and captures them for an amount of wealth with which to plot human domination.  
There are many somber sequences here.
The toy is super cute and say quite a few sayings when you press his hand, but his neck is broke right out of the box.  
They are heavy and well made, and stand up to the test of a two year old.
This is a fun, entertaining movie which features Annette in an appropriate but great role.
Wish it had come with more arrows.
thank you to the seller for a grand overall experience in all areas.
I don't know...Just wasn't my thing.
Same guy who did "Die Hard", "Hunt for Red October", etc.
Now I play Phineas and Ferb 24x7.  
It won't work for everyone though.
My boys are 5 and love Jake
I have to admit, this is much better than the Rescue Rangers rip-off A Lad In His Lamp.  A+8.  
Every Halloween my family and I watch Halloween Town!
No probems - Excellent
However, a stuffed animal or the presence of an adult can ease the fright.
I think it was just not worth more then the 3bucks I spent to watch it.
I remember watching this on Sunday night from the "Wonderful World of Walt Disney" on NBC.  
Sometimes I wish I could turn the vocals off and just study the orchestrations!
Nothing beats an old fashioned Disney movie like this one.
My little granddaughter loves Princess stuff
Overall, without question this is one of the most important Vault Disney titles to get.  
It is a tough plastic that fits Woody but never stays on his head.
But instead of shrinking to the size of an ant, the lively charmer gradually grows larger, especially when stimulated by electromagnetic currents.  
DVD plays good & received earlier than posted date.
It has a few funny parts, but really it sucks...  
It's not really so similar to the book, but it has quite a few quotes and elements within it.
I really wanted to love "Cars" when it came out!
My only real complaint is this: I felt that they really should have released Ducktales in chronological order so the viewers wouldn't get confused as to the order of events.
Our son loves these, gave him these for his 4th birthday.
From wonderful direction, writing and amazing performances, this is one film that will remain a classic for generations to come.  
This film lives up to the standards set by the original Disney classic tales....and the music is wonderful.  
I'm doing the same for Cars 2.
I love Pixar movies and this is one of my favs.
I had no idea that those 2-3 moments were the ONLY funny moments in this movie.
Accidently dropping it on the kitchen floor was probably the worst thing that happened to it.
But I shudder to think what would have happened had I not been actually touching him at the time!We solved this by putting something non-slip on the bottom (we've used a towel and his old Summer infant bath sponge).
This one was worth the wait.
Love it .. buy it if you liked
With the dvds it's especially difficult to see the names of the movies.
When this first arrived and I opened it, my daughter (14 months at the time) immediately wanted to open it up and snuggle in it.  
Oh, and for the love of god, please don't buy or watch Ultimate Spider-Man.
My son loves him.
Will order more of the Disney series.
This was a fun, bubble-gum pop kind of a show in its day.
A bypass, ha!
Good for Denmark!
DOnt miss this!!
When I went to check on how to exchange this item today, this is what was stated....
I have never been a Zoey Deschanel fan, but I like her in this film!
There are only four original TV specials.  
I also super glued the hat on... Bad design for hat but otherwise great Woody.
Discs 1 and 2 feature one each, Disc 3 features a selection of six: "Anemone," "Jellyfish," "Plate Coral," "Reef," "Sandy Reef" and "School of Fish.
Doc is about to let Lightning go when the town Attorney Sally Carrera (a Porsche, voiced by Bonnie Hunt), convinces Doc to lock him up for destruction of property.
It's effortless, weak, boring, unbalanced, and just an excuse for greediness, one of the things about Disney
yes, we use it all the time for this doll and other dolls that did not come with brush.
Yes, the corruption of the controlled media, the lies--not lost on me, I assure you, but the business with the cake stands as one of those heinous and detestable things in life that, well...just also must be exposed.
THe 3D is way better than in "Finding Nemo", so much more depth.
I've looked high and low for the old Humphrey the Bear cartoons for my children to enjoy...and two of my favorites are on here!
As for the reviews that say he doesn't sound like the voice from the movie, mine does.  
I would recommend this movie.
But I am a big fan of this movie.
Even with 3d glasses on the colors still look bright.
I think this is a great kids movie.
Entertaining even for the younger generation.  
I've always loved it from the first time I saw it in the theatre.  
It's not a bad movie by any stretch of the imagination.
Loved all of these movies, and have been searching for this for a while on DVD.
This is not a movie I would add to my collection.
It is a good quality plush from what I've seen of it so far.
The picture has been carefully restored with vibrant (yet natural) colors and details that show off the handiwork of the Disney animators; it is almost as if you are looking at the original cels themselves.
Ironically, things don't change in Radiator Springs until Lightning repaves the road.
Nothing, before or since, comes close.
I watched everyday after school growing up.
Its very soft and every 6 months for 2 years now we wash it on gentle and its just like new!
It's a great TV series, and the DVD is awsome.
Past experience tells me that I should always check with the mouse first to see what they want for it.
The voice roles from Kelly Ripa(Live!
Better still, all of the comprehensive extras and commentary are carried over from the previous disc.
A must for anyone who loves Pixar.
Famous songs were in this movie as well.  
The clothes are difficult for little ones to get on and off, but not too difficult for parents.
I would recommend this to those who loves watching 3D or blu ray.
This evening my lady and I both viewed it.
I'm getting old.
He is perfectly sized to accompany the talking Woody, Jessie, Buzz Lightyear, and Emperor Zurg.  
Keep the Disney Vault open!
Presented in English 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio (48 kHz.24-bit) as well as 5.1 DEHT French and Spanish language tracks, "Beauty and the Beast" does not disappoint.
After reading other people's reviews about that Princess and me Disney store dolls  I asked around and my friend showed me their Snow White doll from that collection and OH MY GOSH!
My grandson loves it and so do I!
She has really enjoyed having this doll the past few days, and it is the perfect size for her to hold and carry around with her.  
A second outfit should come with the doll.  
A good movie to have and to add to ur movie library.
In his words, "had a self-canceling effect of the final product".
Nothing is more than a happy thought away.
WARNING: THIS CONTAINS SPOILERS.I AM a teacher.  
Hint, Disney: Criterion would have done this.
In the event that you've been living in a cave these past six years, Cars tells of a racecar sidetracked by fate on his way to The Big Race in California.  
In all the gags work with varying degrees of success: Runt of the Litter being a big Barbra Streisand fan will likely be lost on the vast majority of the intended audience but the Indiana Jones segment, for example, is fantastic stuff.
It is certain that Alice in Wonderland acts as a metaphor for dreams, but the Alice Stories seems to delve deeper... into a primal archetype --a "template" if you will-- out of which human circumstances arise.
And a lot of fun.
I was fortunate enough to grow up in the 80s, so my appreciation for Disney animated television series far out-weighs any of the classic Disney movies (Prior to the release of 'Aladdin'), with the exception of 'The Jungle Book'.
This movie inspired me to write stories about deer, practice drawing deer, and look at photographs of deer in hunting magazines.
My super active 9 month old loves to play in the tub.
He liked both movies.
A great evil besieges a land far away and he is chosen to accompany a group of the most courageous, fun-loving, most bad-ass "Northmen" to ever sail a dragon ship into the sunset.
This is the Beast third act of mercy, and his best act because he sacrifices his own happiness for that of another.
I was surprised by just how much everyone does like the movie.
The face of the doll is not a very good rendition of the movie character.
So I still question myself: ''Why can't nature be left alone?
Please note that I viewed this video through the Amazon Instant Video and was able to view it for free due to my Prime membership.
Next, we see the arab in the middle of a tribal meeting.
The Fox and the Houndc.
Personally, if a movie leaves me something to quote in it's aftermath, I can overlook much else in whether or not I recommend it.
HOWEVER I took it off the headband which was very easy to do and added plastic clips on the sides with a glue gun andnow it fits perfectly on whoever is playing dress up (my five year old all the time, or me once a year:)
And again, while the tunes aren't my cup of tea, I have to give credit for the songs being able to tell the story by themselves.  
My baby is in the 95th percentile for height and weight.
In Bambi's world, Man is the only carnivore.
If youre tired of the same ole superhero, alien warrior or over the top kung fu stuff of today, go back and check this one out.
We have it on VHS and wanted it on DVD.  
Dead people give the boy clues to stop her.
This was perfect for her.
Having come of age when the book was popular I enjoyed it being made into a movie.
Got this for my 2.5 year old.  
She is 14 now, and Peter Pan is her favorite Disney character and since I also have a 6yr old I wanted to get it on DVD.  
She has it at home on Blue Ray.
Bought this as a birthday present, well made, takes a beating and the boys love it- definitely would recommend this toy to and parents.
That movie being Mo' Money.
And if a shark or whale is about to take the soundstage, prepare yourself for a thrilling, all-encompassing surround experience.
I was wrong!
But it's how the artistic backgrounds and foregrounds compliments the animation is quite amazing!"Bambi" has never looked this magnificent
Had a hard time finding this - bought it as a gift for a family member - only found it on Amazon.com Great pricing too.
Unable to find the piece of the sky that he saw fall, his father Buck Cluck (Garry Marshall) is naturally humiliated and tells his son to lay low for a while.
The movie is based on the fairy tale written by Carlo Collodi.
"I think boys will generally enjoy this movie more than girls (my nephew certainly likes it better than my niece) but there's something here for everyone, even the parents.
As an adult who's favorite movies include Jackie Brown, Kill Bill, The Departed, The Nightmare before Christmas, etc.
Also this was the last movie to be distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.
Brilliant colors and graphics with the same beloved story.
Love Dick Van Dyke.
I know it is low budget, but I couldn't help but give it four stars for the amount of skill that went into makeing this movie.
Buy this dvd set for your kids!  
That said, some of the mix feels a bit uneven - dialogue seems constrained to the center channel, while music and effects are panned all over the stereo field.
My daughter loves this tub!
The 2 disc special edition DVD is actaully quite old, but it is still the best release for the film to date.
Bambi is destined to be the King of the Forest, like his father, and he learns to be tough early in life, when his mother is killed by hunters.
The film comes to Blu Ray looking spectacular with only a few minor quibbles, one being the silly alteration in the film where the animation has been changed because it was thought by some that a character's bent knees looked like a certain male body part.
I say this as a compliment, as I love Archie comics and the infinite way they expound on a series of simple themes, particularly the love triangle.
The feature screen is located in the upper left portion of the screen
Bonus is now my daughter can play with the figures.
He is my favorite in the whole movie.
It is adorable and durable and works great!!
love this movie, got it for myself would recommend to everyonegreat movie great movie for the whole family a must buy
And its reversible - there is a design on the other size that matches the Microfiber Sheet Set.
Howard Ashman died shortly after this film was released.  
This game is a cute concept, but has some major flaws in my opinion.
This seems like a high quality item.
but I bought it for my grandson for Christmas.
I love the books and this is one of the best examples of the book to movie transition being done with tact and elegance.
She's in love
This collection of stories was not as nice as "The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh".
Got this for my daughter.
However I wish that the witch was included, as well as being a major character in the film the witch is an important element in the story based play options for the set, without the witch a lot of painting, hair brushing and occasional climbing happens.
One thing the bunny Thumper was not in the original book but was added in midway into the development of the film for comic relief.
I've watched this film three times.
I have always believed that American history is brimming with stories besides just the Civil War, the Old West, or WWII.  
Our little granddaughter loves the movie and the music.
i've gone through multiple copies of it in my life, but this time the need to replace was the dog chewing my VHS copy.
It will only get worse as the toy is actually played with.  
and a couple of loose ends left dangling (there's not much closure given on the humiliation that Chris's son has to deal with at school) but these are just nitpicks.
This is not a movie for very young ones, since there are some things a kid will find scary (including a forest fire)
We will more than likely buy the two volume series collection for our daughter so that she can share Talespin with our future grandchildren.
I had not realised just how poorly this film has aged.
This game features a minimum need for memorizing directions...
The airplane is piloted by Brian Dennehy.  
My daughter loves this movie.  
I missed the recent re-release of "The Lion King" in 3-D. So, I made a concerted effort to catch "Beauty and the Beast" for it's 3-D re-release.
My little girl loves playing dress up and she loves princesses.  
It's gripping and full of surprises.  
He is so funny.  
I loved it when I was a kid,and i still do.
Definately a family movie.
"Disney has fixed the error on the 2D Blu-ray and DVD ONLY:=====================================Thank you for contacting Walt Disney Studios.
I give this film a 3 out of 10.
But, don't start with Season 2... Be sure you start with Season One.
I dont have specifics but it was a hit
The music is just right for the film, the score AND the songs.
Sometimes suctions would come off, but bumpers still stayed on the sides of the tub and worked.
This is the Best purchase and size.
I wish they made adult sheets this soft!
They are a great toy for the bathtub, to throw around the house and to hang from a rope and go fishing with :)
It is still in one piece though, after a party.
The British spies are Finn McMissile & Holley Shiftwell, and there's an American spy named Rod "Torque" Redline.)  
and enjoyed it.
I bought this movie for my granddaughter and she really likes it.
I was stunned at the quality and clarity of the picture!
the figurines are very small and cheap!
I would recommend this to all Toy Story fans out there.
I was such a fan I bought this for my nieces Christmas present when she was 2 as well.
They are sweet and funny.
Rather than yet another review of a much-discussed classic film, I'll talk about the features unique to this latest re-release.
but I expected more our of Disney for the 3D portion.
Behind the scenes look at ruthless big business in general and the tobacco industry specifically.  
I enjoyed it very nuch on DVD, but better on Blu-ray, and recommend it too, My son also enjoyed it.
love how it really looks like the disney movie.
I do have episodes 1-5 of the Swamp Fox recorded on VHS off the air sometime in the '80s.  
This was a great idea and so much fun.
Works so well for both sleep overs and for dance.  
Then they state that Mia and Michael who which was the central romance of the series were broken up because they just wanted to be friends (Spolier Alert:
Great Disney dvd.  
Since the release of TOY STORY in 1995, they have not disappointed in any of their films (I've yet to see Cars 2, Ratatouille and Brave), except A Bug's Life, infusing their movies with not only top-notch talent, but also great stories with very strong positive messages about friendship and family.
Got it for my sister and she is a mickey fan, she loves it and has the other that go with it.
My 2 year old granddaughter loves this set.  
I usually do not care for Computer generated animation, but this one is well done.
The problem is that he needs his medical insurance for her and the rest of the family, and this is threatened as he opts to tell what he knows to 60 minutes.
The two-disc DVD set comes with a new special features disc that highlights the incredibly long and arduous process of bringing this timeless tale to life on the big screen.  
The only thing that makes the movie look dated is the style of the animation.
I wish I had gotten both my sets from Amazon because of the quality and price!  
Belle finds Maurice in the castle, sick and dying in the dungeon, and trades her life for her father's.  
This Aladdin doll is well made and has a great costume.  
They love coming over to watch and play.
I was wrong when I said Aladdin was my 2nd favorite Disney movie.  
The 'jewels' can be a little hard to put in and take out.
My niece loved this trunk.  
P.S.I am very sorry that I did not say anything before because I had no internet service but now I do.
Sometimes, I'll let the grandkids join me....
to watch over and over .. enjoyed for all ages
This Is Pacino when he was not a robot.  
There is a lot of griping about how neither show has its complete run on this set, but I think Disney was skeptical of the popularity of the two series.
The sketch rough cut version is also well worth taking a look at.
I have to admit I really like getting this information as it broadens the story greatly.
I actually used some of these as cake toppers for my daughter's first birthday cake!My only complaint is that the Mulan figure is cross eyed for some reason.
The fact remains, is that this is one particular spiritualistic aspect of the movie.).
Exactly as described.
He is crazy for Mickey Mouse!.
Wonderfully voiced by Albert Brooks and Ellen DeGeneres, with beautiful background and character animation.
I recommended this book to all ages this is a great book thank
While it is sometimes guilty of using cliches and overdone topics to revolve a show around, it manages to turn it from the same old thing to a fresh, clever, and hilarious episode.
My kids love it and it is one of the movies that I dont mind if it's watched over and over.
Santa wins again, gratifying to see the munchkins revved up about a gift.  
So I was really looking at the hat part of the Woody I would buy.
It was a film I saw Dull Moment in the theater.
Other than her head, which swivels, Beauty does not have any moveable parts.  
I can't wait to get to "The Swamp Fox."  
In the vault out of the vault in the vault out of the vault .
I'm a fan.
The film is great for fans who just want to watch their characters be the characters the loved in the first movie (especially Geoffrey Rush).  
His father quickly throws him under the bus in front of the entire town, siding with those who called his son a liar or just plain crazy.  
All kidding aside, watching this classic film on DVD with a renewed perspective, I can say that even though it's been many years since I've viewed this film, I can still remember key plots in this story very clearly.  
Unfortunately, this film just doesn't look as good as let's say Pinocchio or Snow White.
Again the review did not show how unintelligible this movie really is.
And I enjoyed both sequels.
Its still a toy, but sure makes it much more functional.
One of Pixar's top three movies of all time.
Or should I say Davy Crockett and Georgie Russell?  
I think this puzzle is too easy for a child over 2.
It is a creative, funny, touching, and different story that was at least nominated for an Oscar, but sadly didn't win.  
I was disappointed in the trunk.  
A DVD copy is also offered.
A wonderful teaching tool about being yourself, and the woes of following the wrong path.
Along the way, he befriends Dory [Ellen Degeneres], a loyal blue tang fish with hysterical short-term memory problems.
Johnny Depp rocks in this movie.
The voices are pretty good, my favorite of course is from the late Paul Newman who plays Doc Hudson.  
(the Genie can cut back on the comic relief a bit...and Iago is as arragant as ever :)The Story Builder special feature was entertaining too because they allowed Mulan a visual novel route to play through.
I LOVE THIS MOVIE!  
IN THE PHOTO SHE IS 2IN AND THE ONE I RECEIVED IS 4 INCHES AND  IDENTICAL TO THE MINIATURE CHINA
Both my niece and daughter love this cartoon and when I bought the amulet necklace for my daughter, my niece had to have one.  
I have since bought heart molds for Valentines, and today bought an Easter set with chick, rabbit, and egg.  
I bought this dvd for my little grand daughter and she loves it.  
The 1951 animated classic is based mostly on Lewis Carroll's "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland," with a few elements from "Through the Looking Glass."  
The bonus features are plentiful.
It looked like the original format when show in theaters when first released.
No good guy wins; might triumphs right.  
The Disney classics are worth getting, if for nothing but the beautiful animation and fantastic singing which they no longer have in abundance in many of their newer films.
Not a good product for the expensive price tag!
A big hit.
The first & best appearance of Rat Capone.  
City of Stone:  Demona plots with Xanatos to steal one minute of life from everyone in the city, an excuse for how she's lived for over 1000 years.  
and I get the best price in town and on web guaranted...
Because it was Disney Princess though, I really wasn't expecting anything of good quality anyway (it seems their stuff is always cheap and terrible).My biggest complaint though, is the design of the tops.
She doesn't understand everything about it yet, but she got the gist fairly quickly.
Looks cute but description is false.
I bought this as a gift for my sister and couldn't help but grab myself a copy as well.
This is a good kids show these are older but there good ones for kids.
Miyazaki always makes the best in story, animation and message.  
They don't like to sleep with him and that gets him evicted to under the bed.  
The largest disappointment is its reliance on premarital sex and the concept "everybody does it."
Mostly because all three of the of the main cast have the chance to shine.
I bought an accessories set at Costco a year ago and was really disappointed with the quality.  
Every little girl needs to have her own copy of the great movie.  
I don't want to spoil the film, so I'll just say every 10 minutes or so the movie changes focus.
The cups tend to curl up when they dry which I thought would be a problem, but never has been.  
The replay value on this game is very limited, but the idea is cute.
My daughter got this for her 2nd birthday and loves it!
In this film, it's all taken way too seriously.
I recommend the movie to you as entertaining and action packed.  
The good thing is that her animal friends are also in it.
This is a movie you watch to put a smile on your face.
One of my 4 year olds was afraid to watch at first because it had monsters in it, but then I explained how monsters are afraid of kids and she immediately changed her mind.  
and I'd buy it again. :-)
Our Granddaughter loves these to play with.  
Also, the film would feature a lot of paint and colors developed during the making of the film and would eventually lead to newer colors which would be used for future Walt Disney animated films.
Viewed: 4/06Rate: 34/06: The 13th Warrior possessed somewhat nice cinematography, and perhaps the realistic gruff-looking Norwegian style helped The 13th Warrior to become a believable flick.
Do they commune with the ancient spirits?
Love the Criterion edition Blu-ray.
Hosted by Kathryn Beaumont.- Deleted Storyboard Concept:
Purchased for my grandson's birthday.
Strong and sturdy, beautufully posable.
The princess is made to stay with him in trade for her fathers release.
Get what u pay for.
I saw so much more texture and scenery than in the original.
You will love this movie whether you are Mormon or not!
The figurines do not fit in the slide, plane, or even into the clubhouse living room.  
You know, the one you saw at one point in your life and stuck with you forever.
For 2 minutes.
Not only do they have the products, brands I need, but they are at a competitive or less expensive price.
Great little set, all the characters are a nice size.
Great price, great gift idea.
And then they have fight Jones in a battle to have control of the seas.
She is almost 3 so we watch it almost everyday.  
I think I have seen it over 100 times.
The video arrived in excellent time and in great time definitely looking forward to doing business with your organization in the future
While "Bambi" would become an instant classic for Disney throughout the last 70-years, back in 1942, the film still faced problems due to World War II and would also lose money in the box office, but it would regain its income in 1947 and would also receive the ire from hunters who felt the film was harsh towards them.
The stars of this show are definitely the dogs, reminding me so much of my experiences with both breeds.
He's working for NPR, which got a terrible slam by the Mike Wallace character....hmmm.
This is a very fun episode.  
For my first child, I built a neutral room around Winnie the Pooh.  
A totally original coming of age story.  
Insofar as there is any aim at all behind Lord Cutler Beckett's bizarre activities, it appears to be to use the enormous resources of the East India Company to eradicate all piracy throughout the world, using both magic and a vast "armada" consisting of all the company's ships, including a flagship called "Endeavour" with three decks of guns which looks like a dead ringer for HMS Victory.
I like the message this film brings....
One of the more entertaininig/exciting movies Antonio Banderas has made IMO.
She loves it, and so do I.
but oh well.
There's this pretty incredible collectible poster included inside the case and an essay by film critic Dave Kehr included in the liner notes, as well.
I became alarmed when I first put the Blu-ray disc in, I had never seen the movie before and thought Disney had made a mastering error whit the black bars on all four sides.
The antlers and legs are well attached (and not flimsy like I'd expect of many other cheaply made dolls).
Great for all ages and I couldn't be happier I bought it.
I remember as a kid wanting to be part of Goliath's clan.
Are you telling me that my $30 Walmart DVD player has these features but my $400 Sony-built PS3 does not?  
Bright, vibrant, and with amazing cinematography that transports you to a magical land you can only get to if you believe, I think it's impossible to not fall in love with this amazing movie.
The DVD includes several bonuses, including interviews with many of the original "calendar girls" (some of whom appear in the film as extras) and the backstory of how the project came into being in real life.  
For starters, the visual design is a raging success; a creative wet dream, it's positively teeming with expertly-realized concepts.
An example of this goes as follows:Arab sits each night at the fire and can only listenand guess what they are speaking about.
I was worried about the beads but they are all concealed in the box and never come out.
She loved it so much!
They take a bit to break but they do break.
This movie and Nemo are my alltime favorite kid movies that adults can also enjoy.  
Most die-hard Adams fans will hate this film.
Due to her curiosity, Alice fell into a rabbit's hole, which seemed like a 150 story building as she floated to the bottom.  
This aspect ratio wasn't initiated until 1954.  
Dialogue is crisp and clear and the music sounds excellent.
Was New/English as stated and shipped quickly.
I think that even though the movie is kind of slap-stick silly at times, the narrative throughout the movie added to the story in a simple yet effective manner.
Came on time .Thank
One of the hubs no longer keeps the disc in place.
We had all of these movies both by VHS & DVD but when we moved to new place last year..they are all lost in somewhere of our gargage..it is a good, fun & cute movie for kids, they love them very much too.
Mine survived a halloween party and halloween itself, but I don't expect this to stand up to much more.  
Another classic cartoon from the Disney studios with luscious colors and engaging music.
Contestants can stay on the show for weeks, earning then-astronomical sums of money and becoming household names.  
Elfego Baca was an additional treat of classic entertainment.
Even the villains get moments in which the audience feels a form of empathy toward them.
While my husband and I are in our 40's, Disney films are still some of our faves.  
We've tried a few spout covers and this one is not the best, though it is ok.
very nice old fashioned ideals.
I sincerely doubt I would have been able to find this movie locally for this price.
A vulnerable character put in jeopardy.
I especially enjoyed Angela Lansbury as the teapot and thought she matched the character perfectly.
My 3yr old got this for Christmas and she adores it.
I recognize the teenage drama and it is really amusing.
How can you go wrong with Alice in Wonderland.  
Its really funny and a good listen to obey your parents..very nice to see.
I always like extras.  
Its great for all ages - kids love it, obviously, but there are many jokes that adults will get that will go over kids' heads.  
He meets a several fellow town's cars, especially those that help impact him in a positive light as it reaches it's climax.  
but I know my daughter she will want to hold and play with them which is fine with me longs shes happy :)
He is thrilled by Nemo and it fits perfect with his new big boy bed.
That said, it was a film that some of my `female' friends wanted to see and so we all went together.  
We weren't worried about daughter hitting head on side of tub while playing, when she was just learning to sit up.
We have small children and are very careful with what they watch but with this movie we didnt have to worry a bit!
What a joke for a doll.
Worth a watch if you want to find out how the story winds up.
I wish there were more movies like ''The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy''.
I received this movie later than expected and the prongs that hold the movie inside to keep it from moving were broken.
This works very well.  
The major character, chosen to be the thirteenth of a warrior group, is engaging and he and the twelve act upon one another to learn of differing customs and worldview.
This is one of the best, in a cavalcade of great animated classics that Disney created.
It's funnier then the second one and then end of the second.
Beautiful doll, thinking about buying another so each daughter has her own...no fighting then.  :)
I own this movie and it is a wonderful addition to to our collection.
I wouldnt give this doll to any child who is under3.
Even as a child, I didn't see the point to the fake combat against the Indians and the pirates.
one of my fav shows as a kid, my little ones watch it over and over til i get sick of it
It was the second in a long string of excellent classics created by Walt Disney and his wonderful team.
The first three episodes from each show are included here and I know that is bound to disappoint fans of the two series.
We've all seen many, many times :)
This time Will and Elizabeth must work with someone who was dead in the first film to save Jack from Davey Jones' locker; and that person is Captain Barbossa.
However she loved all the accessories, the gems, tiaras, rings, braclets and more that you get to wear and add on to when you answer things correctly.  
This sequel is nowhere near as good as the first two.
It follows on from the end of "Dead Man's Chest."Under
I have been a big James MacArthur fan for years and I do not know how I missed this movie!  
This movie looks really good on Blu-Ray and has some pretty decent special features.
A boring, disappointing film.  
The construction is good.
I'll definitely read the descriptions closer next time I order.
This movie was in no way a disappointment, and if anything exceeded the expectations I had before watching it.
My children loved it, and I'm hoping my grandchildren love it too.
Great stories and plot lines.  
He plays a conceited actor who is mistaken for a gangster, and taken to crime boss Edward G. Robinson's house, he has to pretend he's on board with the gang's plan for a museum robbery.  
Same goes for the masterclass standard character animation, breathing all of the aforementioned to life and then some.
Still funny, still good.
I like my 3D movies.
Though a more "realistic" approach to the source material and quite different in various respects from most adaptations of the ancient poem, The 13th Warrior is an interesting and epic tale full of interesting characters and exciting battle sequences.
While this is happening, a cruel man in the town named Gaston wants Belle to marry him, only for him to get refused and humiliated in public.
Bambi Stuck on a Reed - (1:20) Another concept that was not used for "Bambi" but is featured on this Blu-ray.*
"Halloweentown High" is the last in the series (there's another sequel following this) to feature Kimberly J. Brown as Marnie, the teen witch.
It was exactly what we wanted.
It's wouldn't be until after the war and the success of Cinderella before he would see his vision brought to screen.
This is my favorite disney movie, however i did order a used copy and the disk would skip half way through, but it was cheap so i didn't bother returning it.
It doesn't have a wicked dark side like many f the other Disney movies.
Don't skip this doll because the hair won't stay pristine and the dress gives off a speck of glitter here or there.
I used them as cake toppers for Jake themed birthday party.  
Subscribers to the theory that monsters work at the utility companies in our own world will be glad to know that in Monstropolis, energy is derived not from the burning of coal or turning of turbines but by refining human screams, which are collected in steel canisters.
The DVD version is as clear and high quality as an original broadcast, wonderfully done!
Amazing movie, great soundtrack, great cinematography!
She's enjoyed it very much; we received it in a very timely manner and was very well packaged for maximum protection.
My nephew loves this .
clothing is nice and the character "looks" like she should.
I was watching it as an act of affection and love for my visiting nephew.
Only Pete and clarabell (which have bases) and the two dogs stay upright easily.
It was played with for maybe 5 min. before it was discarded.
It was one of the studio's great animators, Norm Ferguson, who brought the attention of Carlo Collodi's The Adventures of Pinocchio to Disney's attention.
A few years ago, I got burned by the Disney Vault.  
The pros are it is very similar to the movie version and it's very pretty.
A good focus on Zipper, & almost any episode with Nimnul in it is great.  A-21.
I purchased this with the Mike Wasowski and Boo doll.  
Thats good because they don't hurt as much as they might when you step on them in the middle of the night!!
My 2 year old is Mickey Mouse Clubhouse-obsessed, so I got this for him for Christmas.  
This is a must have movie in anyone's movie library.
My daughter loves him!
Being invested in so many other endeavors inhibits Walt to invest at the film at task since he is so focused on other endeavors this is exactly what sabatoged a good bulk of his movies.
I suspect all the rest of you have already seen this, but when it first came out, it was hailed as a children's film, and I don't go to children's films in the theaters.
grand daughter loved it
but it is not that cute in person either in the cheap clothing and no fancy jewelry as the other has.
It feels like a film made by another studio trying to emulate Disney.
The friendship culminates in their spectacular waltz in the central hall rotunda.  
"Pom Poko", being the only remaining Ghibli film I had not seen, was my final test to see whether I liked all Ghibli films, and I passed with flying colors.
I took a piece of napkin and with lubed fingers I rolled this teeny tiny little ball.
Bought this movie for my family for christmas this year.
They worked on this for five years, and it shows.  
It has been a while since I saw this movie and watching this movie on Blu-ray felt like I was watching it for the first time.
Great content, super crisp and detailed picture.
Their shops are dusty.
I actually ordered another set to put with my costume since my daughters like it so much.
With luck I will not have issue when I fire it up on the Blu-ray player.
I long ago read the 9th century Arab traveler's original account of his journey to the Northmen's lands and his adventures (which this movie is in part based on).  
I like the overall look of this doll.
This movie can be seen multiple times without burnout.
All in all, its the best pirates ever.
And the Anderson/Wilson humor is still present too: "These are my O.R scrubs."
Thought they would be bigger and made of hard plastic that will last.
In preparation for its Blu-ray release, THE LITTLE MERMAID went through an intensive re-mastering process.
She loves that the blow dryer makes noise and very very slightly blows air.
So I was happy.
She sleeps with her every night.  
They are so nice and all the figures (except the Crockodile) are attached to small platforms so they stand up.  
Solid plastic and have held up to almost daily play for 6 months.  
If you haven't seen this series yet give it a chance you won't be able to stop at just one show.
Great fun for all ages and some incredible integration of car history into the storyline and environments.
It's a high-flying, swashbuckling adventure in the true spirit of the original and, in many ways, was the first production, on stage or off, to lend a thrillingly palpable sense of magic, grandeur and storybook fantasy to Barrie's text.
It's one to keep in your "family movie" selection at home.
"Pinocchio" and "Fantasia" were box office flops and it didn't help that the International audience that Disney depended on for revenue was lost due to World War II.  
Not as good as the Muppet Movies, but still really good.
She does not look anything like the Amber dolls, or even the Amber in the t.v. series.
love love love watching this during the holidays.
The pillowcase is so poorly sewn I could have done a better job in high school home economics.  
he'd come to Texas because it was a land of burgeoning economic opportunity.
As to the question of whether to upgrade; well, it depends on what you want from this film and how high it is on your list.
I don't care for this particular film (well some parts are amusing), but my youngest son (who is autistic) LOVES this movie!
paint is good quality paint.  
Any movie that teaches my kid to want to break dance to "you should be dancing" by the BeeGees is held up high in my book for the memories I will always cherish... and make fun of on his wedding day.
The extensive art gallery features concept art from some different artists, including a showcase of Mary Blair's beautifully stylized work, along with some behind-the-scenes photos of Walt Disney and his animators.
It's fun to watch them since the series is no longer on the Disney channel.
It loveable characters, great writing and wonderful animation, all with are missing from today's cartoons.
With our Amazon Prime shipping, it almost beat us home!
To be honest, these are actually alright.
A few minor quibbles, one the aspect ratio (while close) isn't quite correct, but it doesn't hurt the film, there may be some color hues that are questionable, though I'm not going to even try to remember what this film looked like over 20 years ago.
This does move around on it.
The end kinda drags out but all in fun and enjoyable.
This is a great movie that the whole family can enjoy!
There were a lot of great actors who adjusted well to the corny plot.  
My granddaughter watches Peter Pan a dozen times a day.
Shrek the 3rd9.
Of course most of the Disney movies from the early nineties timeframe are some of my favorites.  
Ariel is, apart from Belle & maybe Jasmine (for her appearances in the TV show) my favorite Disney Princess.  
It was extremely well done and my son enjoyed it thoroughly.  
This is all classic Pixar and does much to fill in the little spaces between story development.
Gave these  to a 6 year old for Christmas thinking they were sturdy enough for a kid to play with, within hours the cheap plastic planes were starting to break with normal playtime use.  
I couldn't resist purchasing to relive some of the great moments.
Buffy was kind of annoying, but this was still a fine episode overall.  
One show counted the Karate chops.
Both are set in the world of entertainment.
Not having a Play All feature means that every couple minutes you have to go to the bonus menu and select another portion of these segments.
I do recommend watching other Studio Ghibli works first, esp the Takahata ones.
Its a simple story with moral lessons.
It appears that he and Scofield were really neck and neck in the Oscar race (Scofield was nominated for BAFTA and Oscar, while Turturro was nominated for the Globe and SAG) and I really wish that Turturro had prevailed, since he really is the best part of the film.
I highly recomend this movie in some form, and if you can this combo is the best.
The Little Mermaid also won two Grammy and Golden Globe awards.
I'm simply giving this a 5 star rating due to the fact that the movie is great and should be watched by everyone.
Asking your man to change (i.e., change from human to mer-man)?  
Even though there is a DVD in some sets, which you can use in the car or the computer, if you love bonus features and want to keep them equally accessible, than hang on to your 2-Disc Collectors Edition.
Other than that, it's worth your time and money to see this great film.
Beauty and the Beast (Two-Disc Diamond Edition)review by:Dr, MR Franc MBBS (PhD)
I've had Great Danes since 1990.
Arrived packaged carefully in plastic and quickly.
It was okay to watch this, it's basically how to go one with family life and that was it, I have it only because it's a studio ghibli movie, maybe I'll like it more when I have a family of my own.
Needless to say, Daddy---the King of the sea, and we're not talking tuna---is utterly clueless and frustrated, since she ignores everything he says (so much
Still awesomely funny and the kids still love it.
but I was happy that one of my top 10 favorite episodes of Disney Aladdin and Little Mermaid TV series got put on DVD as well as a Little Mermaid TV series episode
Most importantly my son was so happy that he got the kind of cake he wanted.
The dolls lips are opened slightly and smilingand so it makes it very pretty and inviting doll5.
I think the storyline and plot are interesting and find the characters very likeable.
so now she's practically in charge of ALL the pirates of the brotherhood.
It's a classic!
We also get plenty of new additions to the bonuses exclusive to Blu Ray, if you've been holding off buying Cars, the Blu Ray will not disappoint.
I thought that this was a really fun and fantastic film to have.
What man doesn't like fast, loud and great looking cars-and ones that have a life of their own.  
It wasn't available on Netflix so I tried using Amazon Instant which worked great.
I really enjoyed this Blu-ray release!Now, of course, comparing the special features to other animated classics from Disney on Blu-ray, it may seem that "Bambi" has less special features.  
WAS TOO HARD TOO OPEN.
Great buy, would recommend to anyone buying the deluxe costume for a great and i believe necessary add on.
I wish all movies were this charming and fun to watch!
Also, he now thinks tractors say "moo"...
Action for action's sake...everything taking forever to develop...then all the sudden you're in a battle with a gazillion ships in a huge swirling whirlpool...not a build-up crescendo, but all the sudden...BAM...
A fantastic score is also one of the many great additions that make Bambi the great classic movie that it is.
It would be great if the above mentioned flaws were fixed.
It is known as one of the best animated films of all time, and it is one of the only animated films to be nominated for the ''Best Picture'' Oscar.
I had it on VHS
The doll is wrapped in the piece of fabric, very long and generous.
However, as an adult, I find something more in Alice than I do in Wonderland.  
Oh well, you do, and you'll buy it anyway,
If your little one has been wanting a wallet, this is a good choice.  
jeez thought was in for a real comic adventure involving the outer limits of space and this just turned out to be a quirky weird movie with a horrible storyline boring and not enjoyable one hour and forty nine minutes seemed to drag on like two plus hours!
We purchased for our daughter as a 'sound machine' & liked that it was soft and could be played with as a toy when she got older instead of just a sound box on a dresser.
Now my son watches it.  
Except their previous efforts at raising funds have been much less than spectacular.
I would use it as an accessory to a Merida Halloween costume.
It brings back memories of a Disney Cruise we all took, as well as creates new memories.
I didn't notice too much over-enhancing but I respect that one reviewer's opinion.
I am afraid that over time, if a lot of laundry is placed in this hamper, the mesh part or the handles will tear.
This may not be a big deal for some people, but if you're going to do something, especially something as special to so many as the Muppet Show, you should do it right!!!That being said, the Muppets are fantastic and I'd recommend them to anyone of any age.
It's a generational thing! ;-)
Aurora's kitty, Ariel's kitty and Tiana's kitty.
I feel it's a potential safety risk, more than other tubs.  
Through a little sleuthing into the mix, and you have a great movie.
Yes, I know; he lost his mate during the film's prologue.
My son also enjoys watching it (3 years old).  
Love this movie in 3D.
Lightning McQueen is that spoiled superstar, who happens to find himself in the middle of nowhere.  
The storyline is a classic.  
Which, when you think about it, is actually quite clever considering they were household items and shouldn't have had an appropriate "sound" to their voice at all.  
I loved it and my 3 year old niece had a blast watching it
I have been making these and they have been a delight.
This film, a retelling of Crichtons Eaters of the Dead, is Fantastic!
A Lesson in Flashbacks [8 minutes]
It was not necessary.
Definitely worth owning.
Disney's view of Man's relationship with Nature was so distorted that he considered showing that the hunters who accidentally started the forest fire were killed by it, anticipating one of the themes of "Deliverance".
Three of the songs were nominated for Oscars.
I would get it again, especially at this price.
Her hair is very long and maycreate a problem but you can always braid it.
The pillow is removable, which is one of the main reason I choose this mat over some other similar mats.[updated 8/4/12] I bought a travel pillow from Target, but it's a bit too puffy and my girl has problem rolling it up.
I had a good experience with this seller .
At the end, Smith decides to not return, and to remain in the wilderness as a hermit, exposed to the elements (and likely to die of starvation, sickness, and/or exposure to the elements).There are many reasons to like this film, and only one reason to dislike this film.  
I love watching this cartoon with my kids.
I cry every time I see it.
She has her own television show and this is her selling point.  
But do these answers get to the heart of the question?I happen to believe the explanation of Alice in Wonderland's universal appeal is that we, all of us, all human beings, young and old, have been to Wonderland ourselves.
Still, the movie is an amazing animation achievement.
Notice, that most of the bad reviews are written by parents with biological children, and not by parents with adopted children.
We feel the same way aboutMythbusters-- their experiments with alcohol and dangerous activities like driving drunk or driving while distracted give us the opportunity to discuss risky behaviors in a memorable way.
You may find yourself remembering a few lines from "Hotel California."
This season has a ton of very good, very popular episodes after the top two as well.
I adored this when it was first released, and I still do.  
Highly recommend for gift giving.
Perfect weight, perfect size, perfect details.  
It hasn't been viewed.
He's there because he wrote a play in second grade and won a scholarship.
Doesn't get any better than this.
My granddaughters play with these inside and out of the bathtub.
They will laugh, cry, smile, frown, and learn so much from this movie and may one day say some good words about the movie when they grow older.5 Rebellious Stars out of 5!
I don't have to worry about my daughter getting cold at night.  
You may be surprised.
It is simply great.  
Nice and soft, like all the other Disney bed sets.
This "Platinum Edition" of my favorite movie is zero to none.
And he's of "gentile" extraction, probably Dutch-New England, unlike the Jewish Stempel who probably grew up in Brooklyn.
I coudn't find info where it says how old baby should be..I think it's for toddlers, not infants.
Sparrow, as one of the Nine Pirate Lords, is needed in order to summon an ancient goddess, with the power to defeat Beckett's forces
Great family entertainment.
A really good family film for kids of all ages.
Does anyone really use Disney View?Anyway, the bottom line is this is the best looking Blu-ray I've ever seen & you owe it to yourself to own it.
It really doesn't get old.  
There is a small rattle in one of the feet, again not too loud.
now we are just waiting on a dvd box set for the tv series to come out
A classic cartoon, beautifully made and remastered with love in high definition video and in 3D. Watched both the standard HD version and the 3D version, as well as all the extras, and was fully satisfied with the quality of this new Disney product.
Reflections on Alice - (13:27) A featurette about how Walt Disney wanted to do "Alice in Wonderland" and how difficult it was to adapt.
As you watch Belle or Beast move around, it almost seems like the focus of the 3-D effect is moving, as though the filmmakers added a bubble and moved it around to create the effect.
This was a Christmas gift for a 2 1/2 year-old, but all the kids really liked to take turns pushing it around.  
It's so nice to sit down and share these with my daughter now and she loves them which is an added bonus.
I like the movie.
Palace Pets make a great gift for any little princess!
Great family movie for everyone!
Happy with this purchase and my daughters both enjoy it as well
OVERALL: while this movie isn't necessary must-have Disney, Brother Bear is great story about how interconnected we are with nature.
I love this twist that Disney came up with the talking cars!
The second to break the helpless/useless princess mold (after Princess Calla from the Gummi Bears) that previous princesses suffered from.  
But for animated musicals, nobody can even challenge Disney.  
His younger brothers Damon and Marlon on the other hand, teamed up for one of the best comedy movies of the '90s.
But had Walt taken a far more active interest in this movie and upped its budget by a couple million, I feel we'd have a far better movie with a much, much stronger narrative.
And just when you thought it was over...Wrong!
The colors pop even more on this sparkling Blu Ray treatment and there are some excellent bonus features on this set.
He watches it over and over.
It has a good storyline and teaches a good lesson about friendship and love, and how greed can make people do bad things.  
She is sweet and pretty sturdy overall.  
I purchased Chilly at the same time as purchasing Stuffy & Lamby.  
The film looks and sounds great with only the slightest of imperfections at brief times.
If it were released on Blu-ray tomorrow I'd buy it again in a heartbeat; this deserves to have its photography viewed, and its soundtrack heard, as uncompressed as is currently available.
If it had I was ready to send it back and request a refund.
Also I would highly recommend the Buzz Lightyear Power Blaster action figure sold at Walmart.  
This is one of our favorite movies.  
Through various machinations, a human child ends up coming through a closet door and landing in Monstropolis, the town where the monsters live, and the news of this has roughly the same effect as a nuclear bomb threat in the middle of a major metropolitan area.
Monsters, Inc and the Toy Story movies are all great as well.
(granted, it's usually not a literal history, but it is a history of art.)
I enjoys the actors and actresses chosen to play the characters and the story line is always intriguing.
I had my doubts about the story line; however, the movie ended on a great note.  
I did really like cars, the overall lesson in the movie was a good one.
Active Glasses Users: Near the end of the film crosstalk was evident 4 times.
"Through the Keyhole: A Companion's Guide to Wonderland" accompanies the movie with references to the original Carroll classic.
I'm also a fan to buying this was a win-win all around.
They just fell in love with Ariel and all her friends.
Prince of what?
This and Batman the Animated S. These shows rocked.
But it's still weird and stupidly thought out.
Out to Launch : A visit to a space-shuttle launching lands the Rangers in some real trouble when Chip `n' Dale end up abandoned in outer space!  
The game is played using your remote.*
Great quality and well worth the money I paid for it.
Secondly and mostly Rabbit is mean and nasty in this movie.
I always assumed that Disney always released their own  films?
the hair is gorgeous, the dress and cloak are nice.
As I said, "Through the Keyhole" is almost like a feature unto itself, is interesting and is probably worth the price of the disc itself.
Paul Scofield is one of the best actors ever, with a marvelous and expressive face.
It fits great and I am glad that a regular size pillow fits in the pillow case.
But Pearl and most of the eggs are eaten by what I think was a barracuda.
My daughters have been watching this movie for days.
He proceeded to snap them in half and even when stuck the the window when they pulled off, the rubber circle tore apart.
The "jewelry" is (sadly) disappointing.
Disney's "Alice in Wonderland" finally comes to Blu-ray & the wait is well worth it.
This was a cute movie but it was hard to explain to a two year old why Bambi didn't have a mom.  
While I did enjoy the nostalgia of this "Little Mermaid," I cringed throughout watching it now, in 2013, as a progressive parent and educator.
Even more fun to watch it with grandchildren who are not familiar with the story and are growing up with computer games.
But with Home Improvement, you always feel like you're watching the same family on tv, no matter how much they've evolved and changed.
He really enjoyed these.  
THIS FEATURE REALLY SHOWS OFF THE 3D EFFECTS,MOST OF THE CARTOON TYPE 3D VIEWING SHOWS THE 3D EFFECT THE MOST,THE TREND IS STARTING TO BECOME BETTER WITH REGULAR MOVIES.THE NEW TRANSFORMERS:DARK SIDE OF THE MOON WAS A GOOD EXAMPLE OF,"HOW TO MAKE A CUSTOMER MAD!"THE REASON BEING THE MOVIE WAS RELEASED IN 3D BUT THE BLU-RAY WAS NOT,BUT AFTER YOU OPEN THE PACKAGE(WHICH COSTS YOU RETURNING IT-SINCE IT IS NOW OPENNED)
They found it interesting and fun for about 20 minutes, then they didn't want to play anymore.
I recommend it for any girl of any age out there.
Very pretty and well crafte.
Story is good, production value is good...
The relationship between Peter, Wendy, Michael, and John gives the movie tremendous heart.  
Got this for my daughters birthday, who just is so in love with the movie Tangled and, who could help it, Maximus.
Definitely a great find.  
I am glad that we purchased this movie.  
This particular system was purchased for a niece who is in love with her Legos.
I'm in the minority, but I liked this episode.  
Thank You D.D.
Great tran action.
A fun and cheerful commedy with some good music.
I may be an adult but watching it with the kids..
It makes the movie 10X better than it already is.
The diecast car is very small and cute and even has "BAD" as his license plate.
I purchased these for my classroom subject on classic Hollywood films.
And now it's finally arrived on bluray and looks better than I remember when I first saw it everyone who loves and treasures this movie should buy this before it goes back into the vault.
I thought about buying this one but decided to rent it instead.
So glad I found it on Amazon.
"Disney needs to wake up and see what their shoveling!!!"IAM" Jaime Galati
Entirely too expensive for what you get.  
The Blu Ray has a ton of bonus material and all have been carried over from the previous DVD release, so this is a no brainer for those who want to own or upgrade this film.
The kids still love it.  
There's lots more behind-the-scenes features centering on music and animation as well.
After a deal with a sea witch she has to fight hard for everything.  
this is a great dvd, it made me cry, to see who we see ohter people/animals through the eyes of a human that was truned into a bear.
Easy to blow up, easy to fill, easy to empty, perfect size and my daughter (10 months) LOVES it.
& added a little commentary on each one.28-32.  
And I must say that this movie is great.  
You all know the story, so apart from pointing out the movie's one flaw (the prince's spell had to be broken before he turned 21 or he would remain a beast forever; so if it was cast ten years before the events of the movie, wouldn't that mean he was 11 when the spell was cast...?), let's look at how well the movie works.
I'm baffled by all the talk on this board of this being superior to the original, but that may be pure bias and then again, I haven't seen the original in YEARS
and she loves books and adventure .
But for the most part, the lossless soundtrack is adequate for this type of film.
He also had a very popular TV show with a very similar character, Daniel Boone.
Disney's 5th and final Animated film from the golden years gets a nice looking upgrade for Blu Ray.
However, it doesnt seem to be interactive in any way.  
Bought this to use with out 9 month old son.  
This is also sold here on Amazon asPhineas And Ferb Transforming Perry Assortment 2, so be sure to compare when you make your purchase.
At a runtime of 100-minutes (1 hour, 40 minutes), Finding Nemo is one of the lengthier entries into the CG feature genera; a condition further exemplified by the plot pacing, which though certainly passable, seems to harken back to an era before the Pixar gang turned the craft into a well-oiled machine.
The clubhouse itself was easy to put together, but also fell apart very easily.  
The plastic is strong and not at all flimsy.
Anyhow, I stalked this online many times and keep seeing the price fluctuate.
As usual, Disney does a great job restoring one of their classics for Blu-ray.  
Compared to Toy Story or the Incredibles, the storytelling of Cars is not as strong nor the characters developed as deeply.  
Television and entertainment is a bit like Mack the Knife, pearly white teeth but very sharp and biting.
There are plenty of versions of this doll out there but they do not look just like the movie character.
Anyone else having problems playing the Special Features on the Blu-ray disc?
Just so that I can be Buzz Lightyear.
If my sister & I had been exposed to it at such a young age, she would have been scarred for life & I would have cried my little eyes out.
I bought PETER PAN as a gift for my five year old grandson.
I am so glad we have this movie.
"The movie carries a great message about the importance of family.
The colours are all washed-out and ugly.
It has a good ensemble cast, but none of the roles have purpose, develop, or really support each other.
Just part of the collection
In this comedy-adventure, the Recess gang(TJ, Spinelli, Vince, Gus, Mikey and Gretchen)discover that, during summer break, their school is under siege by a group of evil-doers led by a devious ex-principal, so the Recess crew joined forces with Prickly, Finster and the rest of the teachers to fight back and save the school.
Monsters, Inc. and pizza...great family fun night!
I would give the picture quality a B+ to A-.  
We've seen some shows from later years and haven't liked them as much as the earlier shows.
I purchased these for my nephew for Christmas.
I was going to get my granddaughter the talking amulet, but many unfavorable reviews caused me to look for something else and glad i did...love this necklace...
Taste in movies is highly subjective.  
It lacks cushioning or support, just a thin layer
Overall this doll is one star and should not get any till they improve the model.
I love how quickly this was shipped and the condition of the box.  
This movie virtually wallows in cruelty.  
The only things I didn't enjoy about the film are cultural and a product of their time.
It carries a few of the Cars characters that we already have.  
Peter Pan is as close to perfection as any film I have ever watched and not only ranks number one in my list of Disney animations but is my favorite animated film by any studio even beating out the brilliant Spirited Away by Hayao Miyazaki.
I paid a few dollars more than what this is listed at right now.
I could not wait to purchase it for my own child!
Second story is the Mickey Jack and the Beanstock, which I loved as a kid, but it is narrated by a weird guy with puppets.
He has very few friends.  
My son absolutely LOVES Special Agent Oso!!
the best of the series yet.absolutely love it.would've made a fitting ending to an epic trilogy.but of course they had to throw in part 4.but
This company even took the time to shrink wrap the package to make sure it was received as shipped.
do i need to review this?  
The lighting effects and underwater setting of the film are still quite spectacular even to this day.  
It has a bunch of interesting documentaries, and fun games, and bonus features, you will never get tired of this Blu-ray.  
still a pancake.
Alias is one of my all time favorite shows.
KGHarris, 11/06.
But the end of the movie more than makes up for any shortcomings throughout and the improbability of story.
This scandal rocked the nation and changed us forever.  
But then Annie's life is turned around when her husband John is diagnosed with Leukemia.
When he seen Mater's tails, monster trucks his mind was BLOWN.
We got this for our daughter and she loves it, I think it is the first movie she has sat through the entire movie.
i put ditry clothes in it, i can carry it to the basement, and its cute, what else can i say?
The PVC figures are durable and well made and have gorgeous vibrant colors, some of which are metallic like on Ariel's fins.
I saw all the Disney Princess movies in theaters growing up.. starting with the Little Mermaid and I can tell you it looks better than ever!
Her favorite character is Perry, and she knows he is a Platypus!
No question about it...there was a lot of chemistry between Fess Parker and Buddy Ebsen.  
The doll looks much better in picture then in reality.
he was a good addition to the night time buddies.  
Santa brought this for our 4-year old this Christmas, and he hasn't put it down much since.  
I'm sure the recipients enjoyed it.  
The quality is good and Thumbs upto the store.
kind of on the small scale of toys.
The last of Disney's '40s "package films" of 7 shorts.
My 6 year old cousin loves all of the Doc McStuffins items and this is an especially cute stuffed animal.
Finding Nemo [VHS] Wanted to see this again and got if for a good price.  
This movie is a good.
and it was played good by my dvd player!
Hours of fun for kids.
From the lovable character, the songs, the animation, the plot and even the villans...
A Case of Stageblight: A night at the opera makes the Rangers prey to an insane, sewer-dwelling alligator with dreams of theatrical stardom.  
I saw this movie a long time ago and never bought it.
I would definitely get it again.
I think if it were all cartoon it would be more enjoyable.
It is very nice for this old grandma - lol
It's pristine!
I love that this is a fabric curtain.
Colorful, Entertaining for all ages.
I wish I knew the Yamadas.
Ursula sees this and turns herself human and uses Ariel singing voice to trick Prince Eric.
My son can play pretty rough with them especially since they are monster trucks, so that is a con.  
My children watched these Classic children's movies when they were young.  
With just getting out of jail after serving his time for robbery Nick Nolte goes to the bank to cash his check so while been  served a  little man decides he'll rob the bank for money to help his daughters school fees.
Basically Alice sees a white rabbit running in the field and gives chase.
One of my female friends was moderately depressed over the season ending for History Channels' "The Vikings" .So
He's super green and shiny and very well made.
this has arguable the coolest menu setup of any movie.  
To me, it detracts from the scene and reminds me of the mechanical process of editing, when I should be deeply caught up in the characters' dilemmas --
For starters, they don't even go to Halloweentown this time, and just doesn't have the spirit as the originals.
It is perfect for watching on snowy days.  
Next best dvd to classic Donald Duck plus hours of episodes to keep children occupied.
You won't regret it!
My son LOVES and is obsessed almost with the Fire Truck.  
I am a huge Nascar fan and love how they added little subtle things like the rubber on the track that collects on the upper track.
The costume is made out of good quality material and durable.
Featuring voice-work from some of old Hollywood's greatest character actors, the animators seemed inspired to explore the limits of their wildest imaginings...creating a Wonderland of marvels, wackiness and more than a bit of real danger.
Hilarious great movie!
Berry is Snow White's Palace Pet, and is one that we gave our daughter for Christmas.  
Also, each puzzle has a designated shape on the back so you can tell which puzzle it belongs to.
Secures neatly with velcro.
However, pages inside are just paper made, and I wish it had a photo protector on each page.
A Danish family helping to rescue their Jewish neighbors from the concentration camp.
this movie is for those science specialist who get a kick out of being place in an isolate foregin area to study wild animals.
While my review is 8 years too late I will skip the story synopsis and give some of my own personal highlights from the film.
This Mickey is soft and easy to hug.
She watches it all the time.
it's that good of a film!!
But he and the show were no match for Congressional watchdog Dick Goodwin (Rob Morrow) who exposed the show for the fraud that it was.
Beans in the bottom to help chilly stand up on his own.
Still love it after all this time.
This movie reminds me that good things do happen and I just need to keep swimming.
He is soft and cuddly .
I would watch this again.
I took my nephew and niece to the show to see it when it first came out and found myself in the hallway just to get away from this awful movie.
Option of Language and Subtitles in English and Spanish.
The mailman delivers mail to a box with "Szalinski" written on it.
I've wated this movie several times my self.  
In the scene where Will Turner is on The Flying Dutchmen Verbinski wisely eschews the comedy.
She now squeals and plays and has fun in the big tub with her little one.
I've watched them movie half a dozen times and I still love it.
Wonderful for a disney character bedding set.
Every woman who watches it wants to BE Sydney Bristow!!
Cute kid movie I've never see before and it was very cute.
And of course elements of the song show up later in her adventures underground.
The pillow case fits a standard size pillow and not the small toddler pillows you can buy at the baby stores.
My little girl LOVES puzzles.
to help reppair the damage he had done.
My 3-year-old doesn't fit on the mat and the blanket doesn't cover him sufficiently.  
If you grew up with Mickey and the Beanstalk, this may or may not be the version you know.
Well, it doesn't really matter, does it, because that part of the movie was about the weirdest thing I have ever sat and watched in my life.
Brush - it actually works!
I bought it for my kids.  
I would recomend Tangled or Cinderella over the little mermaid.
I like a lot of this studio's work.
Then check out how they change when Alice enters Wonderland.
Very quirky and weird!
Another way the movie threw me off guard, is how dark and scary it can be at times!
She only needed limited help with the main eating area build, but it has really made her imagination soar!  
My daughter doesn't understand why the shoebox doesn't have shoes for her Snow White and Sleeping Beauty costumes!  
Kiddo loves this movie.
As for the Blu-ray release, "The Insider" benefits with its amazing detail courtesy of its HD release and crisper lossless audio.  
The cinematography is excellent, and there are times when it is raining in the movie and you almost feel the drops.
I get the older movies because they don't incorperate the trash in them like the new shows have.
His phantom ship supposedly haunts the Cape of Good Hope: so be it a man or a ship, the Flying Dutchman is almost as far out of its way in the Caribbean as the East India Company fleet is.
Get it for your little ones today.
Great plots too enjoy
Just do NOT like the character.  
works just as described.
The animation is crisp and endearing, with bright colors and remarkably real landscapes.  
This was a film i saw when i was a ten year old, i thought i would never see it again, that it was lost forever, it is a little dated but i brought back many memories for me.
The positives are that it is made well and very cute.
It is also fairly clean, and this is a rare combination in the movie industry, so I give it my very very rare of 5 stars.
The set includes Woody, Jessie, Rex, Bullseye, Ham, Trixi, Buttercup, and Mr. Pricklepants.
Overall this is a set I wouldn't pass up if you're a fan of Disney animation, but it would have been great if more care was given to the shorts.
In this case, I wish I'd never read the book because it was a dog!
I promise you that I will buy more films from you in the future.
It seems like an upscaled dvd on a blu ray disc.  
If you have children, or just crave a stroll down memory lane, you need to have this on your shelf.
I loved how he and his father were having family fun a little bit.
At Disney these pins cost $5 to $10 each.  
I have always loved this movie and was excited to see it in 3D!
Bonjour Who Is This - A Disney Teleplay Game -  
I wasn't embarrassed to watch it with my two year old grandson.  
I might be 80 years old but I still enjoy a good job and Disney always delivers.
this my grandchildrens movie I saw with them for me are beauty and the way they understanding is you not to be beauty outside you need to be inside.
Same for Val Kilmer in Real Genius and Tombstone, and Eric Bana in  Munich and Ray Liotta in Goodfellas--you see some kind of...je ne sais quoi, a fascinating allure, a burning, smoldering Something, and then you never see it again--curious.  
It has been years since I have seen these programs.  
DVD Running Time: 2 hours, 48 mins.
It's a great size for a toddler, not too small.
My only complaints here are that there are several Disney animated shorts that could appropriately accompany this film, not to mention the alternate versions of Mickey and the Beanstalk, and also that the trivia game provides no video prize at all, unlike past Disney DVD trivia games.
Yes, the case is small but all of the pieces fit nicely and my daughter can do it herself.  
She has outgrown her toddler bed so I've packed away the sheets and comforter, but she still uses the pillow case with her new sheets.
The only reason I didn't give this one star is because the puzzles are still doable.
This one is a true cinematic fairy tale and like many old fairly tales has a very dark undercurrent.
Our son requested this for Christmas.  
This movie was excellent!
It is always cute to see her getting into trouble for "true love's sake."  
Then there's Ariel, who has to be one of the most useless animated heroines, ever.  
I've gotten two other Merida dolls, both from Mattel, and while those ones are nice enough, this one blows them away.
She likes to lay back and lounge during bath time and I don't have to worry about flimsy sides.
My little girl watches this movie at least twice a week, if not more...  
Can't wait to see Cars 2!!
I found myself singing along with the songs and we were actually discussing various aspects of the movie as if it were a serious drama, all while my 19 month old granddaughter was just laughing and enjoying the characters.  
Finding the Story2.
Belle is young sounding but adventurous, the Beast is somewhat scary and can be smoother and all the servants have their own sound as well.  
This came perfectly packaged & arrived well before the estimated delivery date.
BUT I HAVE TO BUILD UP HER DISNEY CLASSICS FOR HER.
It even works without the symbolism in the lyrics that you come to detect when you become an adult.
But little kids who like mindless zooming things will love it.
Buy this movie you will love it...
Experience has taught me that usually if the critics don't like a show, it must be pretty good!
Minutes after being given life he's delighted when his finger lights on fire while playing with a candle.
I was furious!  
So Grampa is a winner.
I feel better when you feel worse....is not something you want your child to get into.
We deflated it.
My daughter's favorite character was not Elsa or Anna..not even Olaf.
The dance/cruise night when the neon lights come on.  
His mom was his best friend, till a beautiful teenager girl, Chloe, moved next door.
Nemo, on the other hand, makes friends with the other fishes in the tank, where they call themselves the "Tank Gang," while trying to escape, too.
I ended up loving this movie 10 times more than I thought I would have.
Apparently people were expecting some big budget production on par with Disney's big screen counterparts and that's not the case, nor was it intended that way.
I buy anything 3D, but not this one..
Tarzan's surfing and swinging looked flawless to me, but I'm no animation expert.
Gave as a gift-no complaints.
People everywhere would stop whatever they were doing to witness America's best and brightest answer difficult  questions about anything and everything in an effort to win more money in a half-hour than most of the viewers could earn in a decade.
, the book by Felix Salten is much better.  
He has stood up to my little 1's abuse, & the only thing that came w/ him we had to put up because of choking was a crown.
loved the show when it was on, didnt get to see all of it til now.
This third one is unwatchable dreck.
This stuff feels like plastic.  
You have all seen this movie because it is that good.
Also, the music video on this edition is one of the few Disney music videos I personally approve of.
It's not a bad story it's just executed in such a paint by numbers manner.
I bought it for my son for Christmas, and sill waiting to see if he is going to like it.!!!
Prince Eric not wanted to loose her again goes after and a good old Disney fight\rescue breaks out
Also They cut the whole scene out where Geppetto goes to look for Pinocchio and goes out to sea and gets swallowed by the whale.
IF you want NO fun & just a story shoving a point down your throat then you will like the film.  
I can go on, but suffice it to say the "acting" is top notch.
I have the dvd.
He has others from Planes, and I was hoping they would match, but they dont.
Without HD, you don't really how much ART was put into the movie.
We have two bathrooms, in the other bathroom we have the pricier cars seat (it had a sound element that failed fairly quikcly) and it has a higher pee guard.
Or the way he set up housekeeping in Monstero's belly.
Again, this DVD features stories focused on a central theme targeted to elementary-aged children.
I almost kept it for myself.
There are black bars on either side when played on wide screen TVs.
Upon viewing the Disney classic I was astonished to realize that I had likely never seen more than a few clips (at most) of that beautifully rendered Alice in Wonderland.
They constantly show images of a model christmas village, and I often forgot i was watching a Disney DVD!
It is beautifully done, especially when you consider how animation was created back then.  
I've seen the original art and a good argument can be made that it could be seen that way, but I know I never noticed it until it was pointed out to me.
They love her and was a great purchase.
Brother Bear Games (Bone Puzzle; Find Your Totem)-
Certainly it's easily watchable, but I was just left with the feeling that it could have been so much more.
Is this a movie he will be proud of 5, or even 2, years from now?  
I think the quilt would be fine for most people throughout the year unless you keep your house pretty cold.
Jayden is his name(my 3 year old) laughed a lot while watching the movie...
Lightning McQueen (voiced by Owen Wilson), a brash NASCAR rookie who unwittingly gets lost and ends up in Radiator Springs, an almost-ghost town and former hot spot along historic Route 66, now ignored by tourists and travelers alike, thanks to the superhighway that bypasses the town.
The bonus features are great, and I like the 'new' song.
There's evil afoot in the factory of Monsters Inc, panic in the form of a small child, and a dastardly plot our unsuspecting heroes accidently stumble across and solve.  
Pleasantly entertaining in the now, "Cars" just doesn't have the same enduring appeal as I'd have liked.
a testament to how powerful the LDS church is in defining roles and no allowance for questioning one's faith... personal experience with LDS missionaries amazes and inspires but have great sympathy for impressionable youth who are not even permitted to be present with anyone alone outside the church... makes you think fear is such a motivating factor...
I think Crush and Dory are my favorite characters.
i remember as a child imanging myself on ariel and pretending to be her.
This is the first time I have watched "Alice in Wonderland" since it was re-released in theaters back in 1981.And 30-years later, watching it today, I have a better appreciation for the film.  
The cup holders are nice and its a good size.
It's really well made, a good size and is soft enough for a bed buddy.
Foot,then leg,arm,goes on and on.
Ok we get it, Captain Jack gets slapped by women.
Picture quality reveals amazing detail in closeups, the cinematography by Dante Spinotti and the editing for the film is amazingly done.  
Against the odds, HIBUTK works, and is even affecting.  
Somehow everything just fell into place for me with this one.  
He wakes up beside her numerous times.
Hurry and just buy it!!!
One of my favorite cartoon movies ever.
I recently bought this on DVD after owning it on VHS for many years.
AGRANDAR LA IMAGEN Y UN
TaleSpins is one my favorite cartoons that was part of the Disney Afternoon.
When Weigand's spot on 60 minutes is finally run in its entirety, the music employed is much too cloying - it sounds as though angelic hosts are dancing about Crowe's head.  
The chain is plastic, and to put it on, you just push the two end pieces together.
It's very similar to a director's commentary that would be included in today's blockbuster films.  
I love watching my favorite childhood movies with my kids and when the love it as much as me there is nothing better.
I owned it before
This really brings out Mary Blair's color conceptions and vision.
These Northmen are stoic warriors, proud but honorable, not pirates or savages or marauders.
I always liked it better when Prince John from "Robin Hood said "Off with His/her head!"
i would suggest you look around in store/online and maye you will find something better.
Lot's of blood and gore to tie the knot.
Life, love, growth, loss, perseverance, and the cycle of life.
We purchased this same exact set at the Disney Store in the mall for $12.50, which is the normal price for all of the Disney figurine sets.
It sure is interesting to compare what cartoons could get away with showing on tv back then compared to how limiting they are now days!
Johnny Depp is in it.
They do watch it still on sleepovers.
The idea being that while initially learning to get it right - she would be rewarded by being able to dress up as one "Princess" after a successful trip to the potty.
It is larger than standard hot wheels cars, but is perfect for toddlers imo...
When Sylvia decides to uproot her child by marrying a British actor and moving to England, little Mary's three fathers decide to intervene.
Jimmeny Cricket never lets you down!!!
I sent it off to my grandson without viewing it first.  
i am absolutely not a sci fi fan and when this originally came out and had such great reviews i kept wondering to myself what everyone around me was smoking because how could a sci fi movie possibly be any good.
My granddaughter was simply delighted with this DVD and so was I.  It's wonderful when you see that the same stories that thrilled your children are now having the same effect on your grandchildren!
I love the talking features and I love lambies's also.  
So, The Little Mermaid holds a pretty special place in my heart.
this movie is 23 yrs old.  
I thought since she liked to dance and stuff that she would really play with this however she is a bit shy about singing in to the mike.
It is witty (for both adults and children), full of action/adventure, and has a lot of heart/emotions weaved into the proceedings.  
Well, almost.
For those already familiar with this movie, here's just some of the factual inaccuracies.
These are a lot bigger than the appear in  a good way.
I need to make one thing clear before I begin this review: I am not a Pixar fan.
I loved this movie!  
Got it for my kids, they loved it also.
The Disney Swamp Fox was great, but only 3 parts!
I think we might wear this one out.
I knew that when I bought it, but I think it's annoying that Disney calls this the "Heroes Set" and he's not in it-if you do want a Buzz, you have to buy the other set (which has all the new "bad guy" characters from Toy Story 3-and who wants to play with them?!)-I'm sure they did this
Surpasses all of the ones that I saw in the stores and my 6 yr old loves it.
The box has 5 holes and each hole has a cover so you cant see in unless its your turn and in the holes which are covered with clear plastic
If you're just wondering if it's a good upgrade from the DVD copy, it certainly is and well worth it for fans of the movie or fans of good dry comedies.
I watched it for the first time today.
The 3D does display very nice on my LG TV screen.
My only complaint is that you need an air pump for this...don't try to just blow it up with your mouth you will pass out first...also the temperature sticker on the bottom never works which is totally annoying!
There are a lot of interesting fish Marlin and Dory meet as they look for Nemo.
This 1:55 scale version measures @ 4 1/4" long, 2" wide and just slightly over 2" tall (we wish his ladder extended, but it doesn't.)  
He LOVES it.  
I expected a used movie that wasn't all scratched up, skipping and freezing, etc..and that's exactly what I was sent.
But that's what the film is: stupid.
Plus, it's difficult to get this thing to stand up on its own.  
One of the best aspects of Disney's version is how it avoids being literal about dream versus reality.
Kids love them so much they fight over them!
As for Ralph--he's not satisfactory in his roll, far too dull, it seemed, too tiring to watch.
I love the movie, and this set has it all.  
Ursula's advice to Ariel, in her big show tune number, is essentially a G-rated (dare I say "Disneyfied"?), "shut up and put out."
The shoes are literally too big for the feet and don't stay on without the rubber bands, so we made her barefoot.
Ok, totally unbelievable, but who cares when you have Jennifer Garner?  
The shell that is holds Ariel voice in broken
I highly recommed this video to anyone who likes this story.
A DVD about friendship and doing the right thing.
CARS is by far the weakest of the collaborations by Disney and Pixar.
Ducktales, just the right amount of silliness and solid family values that were common to the 90s cartoons.
The movie was worth renting just to enjoy seeing Annette and Tommy Kirk.  
He goes everywhere with my shortie...5 more words 3 more done
I bought mine at the Disney Store and actually got on Amazon to see if I got a good deal...
The good point is that he looks EXACTLY like Woody from the movie and seems to be the exact same proportions and everything.
By the way, the singers of that song are the Bob Mitchell Choir, who sang in Going My Way, The Flying Nun and hundreds of other Hollywood TV shows and movies.
was a good watch.
I know that over 400 people have a review on this film.  
He's trying to get me to rent it again.
he pointed to Disney Store back two years or so edition of Pocahontas that wassold under the name of princess and friends deluxe doll and it was not just a princess dollbut it came with Mikko and the humming bird figurines and also cute brush with gorgeous jewel in it for her hair.
Takes you to a different world.
Which is good, because to me $25 is a lot to spend on a stuffed animal!
They sound way too Americanized to really speak of what this film is trying to say.
this dvd l got for my daughter,she loved it.lve already pre-ordered the new version for her highly recommend this dvd for everyone.
My 18months old son is comfortable in it.
Trivia GameB. Read AlongC. Sneak Peek at Disney's DinosaurD. Strangers Like Me Music Video with Phil CollinsE.
I will collect all the Disney classics for our Grandchildren when they visit.
The movie was another of my daughter's favorites evoking memories of our hotel stays and the Holiday season.  
But he can swim OK, and his overprotective father gets on his nerves.
And this world needs clean spunky ladies and their loved ones  by the milions to counteract the noir we cope with today!  
And maybe it's suppose to be like that.
Likewise Willem Defoe is a standout as Gill, the escape artist.  
and she was in love with Davy Jones once upon a time.)So they stupidly do the ritual to free her from her human form (in which she turns into crabs) and end up creating a giant whirlpool--Which then, obviously, they have to wage this giant battle in!!!
Bambi (Two-Disc Diamond Edition Blu-ray/DVD Combo in Blu-ray Packaging)The Disney classic in it's most pristine, yet most durable format.
My kids like this movie but never pick it out to watch it is good and the graphics we like too It is worth watching and getting
I would recommend these.
I love the little mermaid.
Great for young children!Great animation.
Definitely worth a watch ;-)
They had lots of Kim and Ron fun- enjoy
lik when i go unrrap a xmas prezz frum my moms.
It is compelling, inspiring, a joy to watch and a reminder of just how good people can be.
Trust me, it's fine.
Like a classic fable, the theme is broader than the story depicted.
This will stand the test of time, and became a legend in the future.....
Another great story of missionary work in Tonga.  
So as soon as I found it for sale I bought it for her.
Mind Your Cheese and Qs - Monterey's cheese craving finally catch up with him and he must overcome them in order to save his friends from Rat Capone, who is hoarding all the cheese in town.  
One egg survived, and the grieving Marlin put all his energy into raising his only son, Nemo.
I am glad that I was able to find it on amazon for a great price and share something that my 16 year old watched when she was younger.
A feel good movie that will make you smile.
This movie has been played well over 2 dozen times in our house.  
The comedic flair of Monsters Inc. with Billy Crystal and John Goodman is sure to tickle your funny bone.
Luckily, Peter Pan has recently come out of the vault to celebrate his 60th anniversary, and has been restored in high definition just in time for my kiddos to really appreciate it.  
The humor is not juvenile or full of pop culture references, is a broad humor that will appeal to children and adults alike.
he would sit there and dance to the music and my husband loved watching it as well.
Filling up the tiara and bracelet was also fun to do.
I use the boxes to store the puzzles in but also put them inside a large ziploc.
My four year old son is a diehard Cars fan...both movies!
I'm super pleased!
but i bought this at the time because i couldn't find any mickey mouse toddler sets.  
I just love wholesome movies.  
We ended up just putting it into a ponytail.
I ordered Cars 2 and got this movie instead.  
I enjoyed this movie a lot and is a must-buy!
Sit back and enjoy the comedy that will make you enjoy laughing again...!
I have NEVER recovered from watching Bambi as a child.
It's funny to watch "Peter Pan" now in the politically correct environment we live in.
Still, the kids love playing with them.
Peter accidentally wakes the children up and agrees to take them to Neverland with him.
Pinocchio is a film that moves at its own pace and one of the reasons Peter Pan ranks higher for me is that it keeps things moving briskly.
My 3 year old son and I watched monsters, Inc. for the first time together...
I'm not much of a family cartoon kind of guy, I like horror movies.
Before CARS and LITTLE MERMAID, Disney made great films where the audience really cared about what happens to the character.  
I always wanted to see the episode where Dale fought the alligator in the intro, & it did not disappoint.  
Still, this is a fun one, and if you want to share it with your children and/or grandchildren, be sure to follow up with the originals, hopefully with the Tenniel drawings.
It sits solid, it can be posed in many convoluted poses if one wishes..11.
I agree with the general consensus that Disney did a spectacular job transferring this classic into the 3D format but where was the much ballyhooed additional sequence Human Again that added so much to the original blu ray release last year?Are we just supposed to forget that 8 minutes of music and animation were added to the overall experience in 2D?  
"Pinocchio" is one of Disney's best works and made it what it is today.
She loves to play pretend and Doc McStuffins is her favorite!!
As you will see reading some of the "most helpful" reviews there is discussion - and explanation that I won't repeat - as to why it is not wide-screen.
Two Leaves - (3:07) An original concept of how Disney and crew were thinking of creating dialogue between two leaves but opted not to use it on "Bambi".
She a SR in college majoring in chemistry with Med School dreams now.
When Hook captures the Lost Boys and seduces them with life as a pirate they gleefully rush to join.
I enjoy many of the movies I buy him and find it great when we can watch a movie together (he always wants the company).
I have been a huge fan of animation since I was a kid and Disney while not my personal favorite then has climbed to the top of my list.
Love the book, love the movie.
ABonus episode:  49.  
Peter Pan saves the children.
The animation is amazing and it truly is one of the Disney's classic movies.
But it is a classic and my grandson loves it
The kid who plays Adam is cute enough, but there are many moments in the film where I'm certain they adlibbed because he messed things up.  
But my 7 year old grandson thinks it is the best movie ever.  
All three were adorable and I was also pleasantly surprised with the size of each the palace pet.
My daughter carries it everywhere and takes it to bed.
My grandkid, just loved it and I liked it too.
Seeing "Alice" in high-def, of course, is a glorious thing: unseen details pop out for the first time, background characters spring to life and the colors and timing are unsurpassed.
This is my opinion.
Wonderland looks absolutely beautiful!  
The trunk doesn't hold up, the earrings broke within seconds of trying them on, and the necklaces/chokers didn't last long either.  
Pinocchio is truly elaborate on the visual side.
Most are very insightful, great for avid fans.
Good DVD transfer, great color.
Shadows of the Past:  The magic of Avalon sends the travelers; Goliath, Angela, Bronx and Elisa, to where they need to be, and they land on the shores of the former site of Castle Wyvern.  
The bin is a rugged little thing.
It took them a few minutes to realize the new young buck was Bambi.
Both series' episodes are in color with the intros in black and white as the original openings in color are lost.
A potentially toxic human child is set loose in Monstropolis.  
My five year loves this movie.
It has many little details that make you love it.
Seer No Evil - Chip gets a morbid prediction from a psychic at a carnival.  
It might not be the most educational toy, but is good for occupational therapy, switching from one to the other, which my daughter needs to work on.
His main problem is not one of intelligence, it's his lack of focus.
This is any child's dream.
Well over 40 by the way!This general commentary continues as a posted review for both the 1951 AIW production from Walt Disney (this title) and the 2010 production starring Johnny Depp, as these are the two most well known Alice's.
Disney classic for the grandkids.  
Speaking of bonus features, those who are not into Blu-rays will notice from the list below that the lion's share of extras are now only on the Blu-ray.
I bought this when it was being supplied by ToyWorld.
But this movie is still enjoyable.
But the funniest part of this film will always be the whole Les Poissons scene, which has got to be one of the most hilarious scenes ever.  
I got them for birthday and christmas presents for my daughter and I know she will go nuts when she sees them and Im sure will never let them go.
Pinocchio (1940 Disney) is a wonderful movie worth screening often, as great in a proletarian way as Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs (1937 Disney) was great at portraying the world of story book royals, both good and bad.--------------Written by Tex Allen, SAG Actor.
Pocket for the body wash is very nice, hold bottle very well.
The paper it is printed on feels nice and heavy and the colors appear to be true to the ones on this site.
a great one in the Pirates trilogy.  
SCTV's Rick Moranis and Dave Thomas are pitch perfect as moose versions of their McKenzie brothers (and deliver comic gold on their in-character audio
Fess Parker forever will be remembered as the REAL Davy Crockett although what real historical fact may be somewhat different, he nonetheless became the role model for kindness, chivalry, honesty and courage for us guys back then....
When the young lady in my life is happy, I am happy.  
I bought this toy for a friend's child who really loved Woody and the Toy Story movie.  
He literally has to dodge the nasty kids who relish taunting him (teachers included).  
I'd say it's a good movie.
In addition, we have that now legendary Lou Bega "Disney's Mambo No. 5" music video, as well as a fun trivia game and a DVD storybook.
They were $10 a piece.
I ordered it for my nephew cause he needed a new one.  
I have never read the Eloise books, I just love Christmas, and was hoping this movie would be an enjoyable addition to my collection.  
She has watched it over and over.  
Got this for our latest trip to Disney World this winter.
I finally stopped trying to keep it on her head.
Worse, Gaston is not a pariah as a villain ought to be--even high-ranking wicked stepmothers are not royalty, and in fact they're often gold-diggers.
great, daughter loves them.
I have the complete series and have enjoyed them very much.
After he prays and goes to sleep, his home is visited by "The Blue Fairy" who grants half of Geppetto's wish as a reward for the old man's goodness and kindness.
I first saw it in the mid 70s when it was rereleased, presumably because of the hippie movement of the late 60s.
My kid's have a disabled Uncle, who is a quadriplegic in a wheel chair, and they have suggested that we get Donald and Daisy a wheel chair so they will be able to play with the other clubhouse friends just like their Uncle.
I never expected to see The Sorcerer's Apprentice from Fantasia become part of Disneyland Story.
The DVD has a lot of kewl special features also.
The performance of the actors, the realistic and sometimes gritty settings, and the action packed story line based on a wonderful novel  means most viewers should enjoy it also.  
This film is better than the book it sprang from.
This item is the perfect size for my son's other Toy Story figures!  
The story of Alice in Wonderland is one of my favorites, and I really enjoy Disney's version of it.
The little girl seemed so real and life-like.(I am going to give my review based on how a child would view this movie.)
I guess I am a romantic sort of soul.
A cute fit into the the whole "Honey I..." series.
I must admit I love this doll due to their is Tiana and now Doc Mcstuffins for african american's who love dolls.  
What more could you ask for?
Bought this for my daughter for Christmas.
She has a secret to share, she's engaged to be married.
We already have one of those play pirate ships, so these figures are fun for them to use with the ship.
i love watching classic disney films
This movie is just as wonderful as when it first came out, will be a great addition to our movie collection.
so maybe I'd have a similar reaction to that as I had to this.
This is a great comforter.  
In my case, all the little girls were winners and princesses as they had fun!
But then, huge fights were always ensuing throughout this film.
The film captures the innocence of children and the wanting of staying young, so you don't have to grow up and worry about the things that teenagers or adults do.  
It gave him 6 of the "Planes" characters all at once, which was a huge bonus.  
It gets 2 points for cute, but -3 for having NO drain, being TOO slippery, and too short on the inside.  
Like Snow White and Fantasia it felt too old fashioned and dull.
This one is great with a wonderful life lesson.  
Wonderful and colorful, full of smiles for any child.  
Brings back memories of years gone by.
Would recommend to a friend for their little ones for sure.
In the late 80s, The Little Mermaid was conceived, ironically based on an idea of Walt Disney's dating back to the 1930s.
The songs are catchy and fun, and who doesn't love Phil Collins, and yet they are also a tad generic and sappy.  
A beautiful movie about love, friendship, care, and loyalty.
It's great that they have these on DVD.
No way would they fit a 7 year old as noted in the description.
Lots of adventure and not too scary.
Well all of that is really far out there, but the move really is great at putting there actors in funny situations.  
Luckily I have a DVD player too!
In the sequel, Mary is now five years old and about to begin her first school year.
It looks cute and stays in place just fine (as long as you wet the sucition cups before applying them).  
My little grand daughter has a lot of the Disney characters, this size.  
The DVD also contains several demo recordings of songs that did not make it into the final film, as well as an early storyboard sequence of the scene from the book with the Duchess and her baby (which didn't make it into the film either).  
Of course it is all a misunderstanding, and there are laughs, music and bravery..beautiful scenery and a good story with a gentle message..you are 'stronger, smarter  and braver than you think'.  
LOL  it's a good thing, plus better than what is on TV these days!
I don't know anyone who doesn't enjoy a good pirate movie and this is another great performance from Johnny Depp.
I even feel some attraction towards him because of the funny way he act's and talks on this movie.
Magic from the opening prologue to the final credit, "Beauty and the Beast" is the last real classic to come from the Disney crew before John Lasseter came along.
During this whole Disney afternoon, who didn't know all the words to this cartoon, Ducktales, Darkwing Duck, or Gummi Bears?
We love it because it keesp the doll in perfect like new condition.10.
I love this doll and its great for playing with or for a collection.
Much of the language, poetry, and ideas that make the original story so captivating cannot really be conveyed very easily in a movie, and so it would be nearly impossible for any cinema version of Alice to be completely satisfying to those who love the book.
The funny thing is the oldest stuff on this set (Alice's Wonderland), looks extremely good considering they were made in the 20's.
It is the story of Lightning McQueen (voiced by Owen Wilson), rookie racer nonpareil, who is in a run-off in a three way tie in the Piston Cup.
It's too bad it doesn't really pick up stuff.  
Just realize they're not all there.
He appears as a back woodsman of legend, Davy Crockett.
I ordered the Pooh one of this potty and my 18 month old daughter loves it.
(If you have a nice manicure, you may want your significant-other to give you a hand ...
Designed as a green Volkswagen Type 2 Bus, he's colorfully spray painted with all of the typical 60's "peace & love" messages, and this "hippie" is one of our Radiator Springs favorites (he owns "Fillmore's Taste-In", where he brews his own fuel & sells trinkets like tie dyed mud flaps!)  
The logic behind this is so stupid.
and i didnt know how to return it so i stayed with it but owel
It is worth the purchase.
Treasure of the Golden Suns:  The introduction of the series, as Donald Duck joins the Navy and sends Huey, Dewey, and Louie off to live with their uncle Scrooge McDuck.
She loves to copy mom in the morning and this is the perfect gift.
It's a lot bigger than I expected (assumed slightly larger than beanie baby size) and she loves it!  
The characters are great.
My 2 year old likes to help too.
She puts them into her purse and carries them with her everywhere.
I love that the picture fills up the whole screen on my widescreen tv.
He is a "necessary evil" if your little ones are Toy Story fans.  
They're paper thin--so transparent you can see through them.  
The life of the little town and the life of a little town school are described in a great way.
It is definitely an incredible contribution to the art of animation.
This movie is visibly entertaining for kids, and has a nice amount of humor to keep the adult's attention as well.
I would highly recommend pour having this movie for the kids.
In "Dead Man's Chest" the swordfight on top of the mill wheel between Will Turner, James Norrington and Jack Sparrow was a wonderful mix of action and comedy.
These figurines totally fit the clubhouseFisher-Price Mickey's World Clubhouseand are similar in size to the Mickey/Minnie that come with the clubhouse.  
The love story is deep, emotional, and just, you know, Disney.
Parker's characterization qualifies as a middle-ground between the man as born and the man as memorialized by folklore.one of the best examples is in the form of Davy's tall-tales.
and her father have come to the island to find gorillas in order to substantiate the professor's theory that gorillas are social animals and not simply wild beasts.
Throw in a great story, writing and marvelous direction by Andrew Stanton, and you have, well, another Pixar/Disney classic.
Great movie overall.
This DVD is child friendly for all ages.
The movies were not too sophisticated, logical, scientifically sound, or intellectual, but they were fast paced and fun.  
and this is perfect for the price and time it arrived in!
The movie is funny.  
Still charming and wondrous after all these years.
Not a keeper.
i have bot seen this movie in a long time and when ai rewatched it i was still amazed on how well it still is.
What my daughter did see, however, is one of the reasons that Russell Crowe earned his stature as an A-list actor, beyond just being that guy in Les Miz who wasn't singing as well as the others.
The movie looks good in blu-ray.
Since he died the studio has apparently lost the whole idea of telling a real story, having characters you care about, and nothing too scary or controversial.  
THE TRACKING ON IT WAS GREAT
This is great.  
Personal vendettas underlie much of the film's momentum.
Watched it when I was a kid.
Louis, Ren and the rest of the family were enjoying their island paradise when little do they know that the agent is actually a TV producer who has duped the Stevens into appearing on a new reality show.
Total amateur work by the writers that is reenforced by the director.
She now wants the dad that was in the movie like the mother.  
I LOVE THIS DOLL.
Where Andersen uses voicelessness to tell a cautionary tale about being true to yourself, to warn against changing for a fickle man, Disney uses voicelessness to tell us that makeovers work (at least until sea witches interfere), and HAPPY ENDINGS DO COME TRUE.
The Little Mermaid is one of our favorites and we enjoyed the movies as a family!
I bought this DVD because I have the movie on VHS from when I was younger.
I can see why it was the first animated feature to be nominated for a "Best Picture" Oscar.  
Another design flaw is the drainage - don't expect one.
we have lots of lego friends and three other disney princess sets.  
He vows to protect his only child-to-be.
I have to say....
With Peter Pan, Walt Disney enjoyed something he could not with Alice in Wonderland, even though both were established through books, plays and other versions.
The use of classical instrumentation for EVERY SINGLE CHARACTER MOVEMENT is barely tolerable.
But, watch your prices.  
I paid $20 for it, a dollar for every above average episode & 5 good ones for free.  
I like the additional Winnie The Pooh songs in the DVD copy not included on VHS version, but the VHS has the unmistakable opening of Jimney Cricket beginning the show as most Disney purists can appreciate with his "From All Of Us, To All Of You" song accompanied by Mickey Mouse on piano, which DVD does not include.
Arthur gets saved and transported to space courtesy of help from his space traveler friend (played by Mos Def).  
a love story that kids can watch.  
Plus we get three versions of the film itself.
That one that is called sometimes princess and friends and other times deluxe Disney store.
Loves the "shishies" and the vibrant colors of the characters.  
And for Christmas my Aunt gave it to me for when I have children.  
It is cute, funny, and above all, you really start to careabout the characters......even if they are cartoons!  
If your child loved the movie, and loved Glenda, this is a must.  
Bought for my special needs daughter and she loves it.
What more can I say?
Each episode is shown in its entirety with the Walt Disney intro making the episodes clock in at approx.
It was a Doc McStuffins Christmas for my girls.  
Reviewed 3/19/2009 after watching on Blu-ray.
I wish toy companies would stop sticking those plastic tag lines in dolls' heads.
She has enjoyed playing with her very much.
Looks just like the picture and a good size.
You can't go wrong when buying this DVD.A. Nathaniel Wallace, Jr.
Adults can enjoy it as much as children.  
The only negative thing is- the back pillow is not detachable, you can lower it to the bottom, but not remove it completely.
The animation drives most of the movie, and at times it is pretty imaginative.
I will say they are not made of a hard plastic, its a bit rubbery.
"How's mum?
well made and not too expensive.  made a great b-day gift for our son
The whole storyline was very good and very entertaining.  
I will by buying Volume 2 soon.
High Noon:  MacBeth and Demona work together to free Coldstone's evil personality to help them to destroy the Gargoyles, and the secret of Demona's human form during the day is revealed to Elisa as she confronts the two alone during the day.  
I have our grown kids to choose Christmas gifts for the children and have them to send me a link to Amazon for their gifts.  
When something is advertised as "action figure," one does not expect a figure that is just meant to sit on a shelf.
"The Pearl of Wisdom" has Pete who steals a unique pearl that will give anyone wisdom as Scrooge buys it from him but Pete wants it back, "Curse of Castle McDuck" has Scrooge with the kids in Scotland where he was raised as they journey to a haunted castle, "Launchpad's Civil War" has Launchpad going to another town where he cast in a Civil war reenactment but is embarrassed of his roots.
This is the definitive version to own of this title yet and if you have a Blu-ray player and love Disney animated classics, picture quality-wise, this is a title that simply is a must-own.
However the first film does introduce a lot of the characters present in this one (and some only get minor screen time this go around).Four stars.
A great present for those who saw and enjoyed the movie.
Had it been Walt's first animated full-length (as initially intended), it surely would have been more focused, with a larger budget and a story that kept the audience compelled as it propelled them forward.
Melody Time is a nice movie but no Fantasia and gets an A+.DVD FEATURESBonus Material1)
It is a beautiful doll but the only thing that I think may be a problem is that the  moveable joints seem to be a little bit delicate, I'm hoping she will be able to stand up to daily play for awhile?
in ranges that most middle class families would stretch to afford.
I ENJOYED THIS MOVIE VERY MUCH.
The hero does not find favor in my eyes, and love doesn't hand out it's hand to every tom, dick, and harry just because they are cast in the right position.
I would recommend this for all ages.
And all the Muppet movies!I'm 54 and still love to watch them.
We found Fillmore for $6.00 & free shipping.
He and his best buddy, Billy Crystal as Mike wazowski are in contention with another monster, Randall who is seeking to top the scare record any way he can.
These figures are so small that you really can't play with them.  
DVD was sealed and in perfect condition.
I so desired to find a movie that will have a happy end in it.
So, imagine my surprise when this comedic style was held over as an afterthought for a feature film, but predominantly replaced by a huge Hollywood like production with grand SFX, a giant score, massive amounts of CGI and props permeating with a kind of high energy zest harkening from screwball comedies.  
The Blu Ray transfer looks and sounds amazing so if you're looking to own Finding Nemo the Blu Ray is the way to go.
Douglas Adams created this story in the 1970's when he was in Austria and too drunk to understand people.
Some people will like this more than others - depending on personal tastes - but overall this is a great Disney classic and if you're a Disney fan, you'll want to check this out!
He can watch it over and over again.
I watched this with my 5-yr-old granddaughter at her request, and we both thoroughly enjoyed it!
Thought it would be more interactive yet the hat barely stays on and looks like a cheap version of what it should be.
This curtain goes really well with myMickey Mouse shower curtain hooks.
It is so cute and comfortable for baby.
Take that all away and you still have a fun cartoon.
I'm only giving it 3 stars because I think they charge too much for their rentals.
I only ever caught a couple of episodes when I was channel-surfing, but as far as I can tell, "consistent" is an appropriate term here.  
besides batman returns and dark shadows this is my favorite michelle phiffer movie.
I've seen this movie probably 100 times, but I can honestly say that watching it in full HD was like seeing it again for the first time.
With swashbuckling at an absolute minimum, Captain Jack Sparrow (Johnny Depp) still manages to provide a lively presence, enough to keep the plot on course.
My daughter loves watching the Tanuki and the fun they have in this as the story unfolds.  
She is amazing!  
Her brightness contrasting with Ursula's dark demeanor creates a powerful battle for the love of Prince Eric.
I must admit that there were some missteps in his day (Alice in Wonderland springs to mind) but even his missteps were pretty good.  
This DVD set of Home Improvement Season 1 is great.
Only two bracelets have anything Disney on them.  
It was fun to watch and both ladies are fabulous actors.
A great spotlight episode for Hudson.  A+34-36.  Avalon:  Tom, the boy from Castle Wyvern, appears in New York fully grown and asks Goliath for his help in defeating the Archmage, Macbeth, Demona, and the Weird Sisters on the mystical island of Avalon.  
i will always love it and watch it frequently.  
When I saw this film at an IMAX theater, I did notice some of the same problems with the lines.
The kids had lots of giggles and laughter.
(The "jewels" are attached and detached as part of the game; these loose pieces are temptingly shiny and very small.)
Every time I see him, he makes me smile.  
Probably would buy it again.
It will bring  back Christmas memories for everyone's childhood.r
It has always been a classic movie for any Disney collection!
Alittle scarey for the 5 yr old grandchild.
Finally found it on Amazon for a comparable price and grabbed it up.
The delivery was prompt.  
but I was not impressed.
All you hoopy froods need this one.  Get your towel and order it.  See Trillian and Zaphod!  
December 16th, 2010This is an all-around great movie.
I recently had a fit of nastolgia and purchased a bunch of classic Diseny movies to watch with my then 5  year old.
While it's true that Bambi's mother is killed in the book, it's almost glossed over there what with all the other depressing things that go on.  
This movie is great family entertainment.
The story takes place in what would become Canada at least 10,000 BC (since Woolly Mammoths are still alive).
and I'll have to wait for more money to pick up season 2 someday.
Review by M. Reynard 2012
Have re watched it many times.
worth the price & delivery was on the money.
This extended, Blu-Ray/DVD version has a lot of extra, including some deleted scenes, and some great extras.
If you want to see it, try to find some original cut of it somewhere else.
He wears a felt jacket and belt with a satchel.
Goodness, what a horrible loss!  
There's also the question of whether what NBC et al did was wrong.
Deleted Song: "Human Again"Music1.
Discs 1 and 2 feature one each, Disc 3 features a selection of six: "Anemone," "Jellyfish," "Plate Coral," "Reef," "Sandy Reef" and "School of Fish.
the little fawn is born and all the animals in the forest rejoice !
My 4 year old is really into Toy Story 1 right now.
I felt that it was just a little skimpy in terms of what is included, but my daughter (age 6) loved it and put it together all by herself.  
The story is a classic, and this one has great songs to sing along with boot.
He looks just like Maximus as promised.  
One of them fell to the floor right in front of her foot and she accidentally stepped on it, tripped and broke the arrow in half.
Now, while it's still not my favorite Pixar movie, Cars made a believer out of me in what they were saying about this film.
Maybe it's partly because of how cute and adorable Boo is, or the sweet relationship she has with Mike and Sully.
awesome movie - great for the hole family!
Having some good laughs and even recognizing ur own foibles at that age is fun!  
When I was young I thought of Neverland as a literal place while at the same time removed from our reality.
our kids like it and it has some good action in it.
I have no idea why this company thought it would be a good idea to make the skirts only knee-length!
Everyone does a great job.
Trample Off, Eh? Game
I'm only glad I didn't spend over $100 for the entire Disney Classic series.
Volume 2 of DuckTales contains the five-part pilot Treasure of the Golden Suns and the four-part Catch As Cash Can.
I've watched this as much as my grandchildren.
Stitching is well done, there's not a single loose thread.  
Large format and perfect for my 3 year old niece.  
The fact that it's a "Special Edition" makes it even more special.  
And while Cars didn't wow me on the big screen the way The Incredibles or Monsters Inc (or a score of other Pixar films) the film grew on me in a big way when we got it home.
This Blu-Ray transfer does justice to the animators work in te film.
This movie entertains me & allows me to see New York!
the doll is a bit over priced but constructed very well.
But I think it's the cutest little thing
I had no idea that Walt Disney had made a TV show on Francis Marion - "The Swamp Fox," my childhood hero - so when I found out about it and discovered it was on DVD, I just had to get it.
I don't normally play this game, but in my opinion, "Cars" is just for kids, and I mean 2-4 year old boys more likely.
I buy movies all the times and love to see good deals on the especially classics - I watch this with my daughter
So, who am I to give it a bad review??If a toy works, go with it.
We bought this for this dude Marco's birthday party.  
A great story with such an interesting twist.
She is a Doc McStuffins nut and had fun putting the puzzles together.  
They arrived on time and were packaged well.  
The quality is great and it has brought a lot of joy to my son.
My 2 year old LOVES his new big boy bedding and thinks its quite comfy too.
All this is recounted on the DVD featurette that includes interviews with all the women involved, sharing their experiences from their initial idea to their time spent on the red carpet in Hollywood.
There are in fact only four songs, and it almost sounds like the forest itself is singing, since the animals aren't, and since there's no "showstopping numbers" going on here--such would profane this film.  
She takes it everywhere.
I totally recommend it.
I love the story line it make you think that life can be magical in perspective of a child of course.
But, alas, I was a bit let down with "Cars."
My kids were devestated!  
As in all of Anderson's films, terrific use of songs as score,wonderfully inventive transitions and visual framing.
I gave it 4 stars just because I don't think it's absolutely amazing, but it's a good film generally.
one of the best classic animated film from Disney.  
They are hilarious, endearing characters that the film would be much lesser without.
In looking at them closely, this one has World Grand Prix logos, his lightning bolt merging into flames on his sides, a large Hudson Hornet Piston Cup logo on his hood and Lightyear (a twist on "Goodyear" - very clever!)
TOTAL AND ABSOLUTE garbage.
I never cared for Johnny Depp's acting before, but he shines as Captain Jack Sparrow in these two movies.
Beauty in the Beast willl always be a classic.
I've loved Nemo since it came out and will continue to watch it even after my kids stop.
Underneath these puzzle tiles are any number of hidden treasures amidst a bunch of blue sea foam.  
The grand-kids beg for a Mickey waffle when they come to visit.
(Improvised dialogue from these sessions was incorporated into the final film.)A more awkward curiosity is the half-hour excerpt from an episode of The Fred Waring Show, which promotes the music of the Disney film, featuring Kathryn Beaumont and Sterling Holloway (the Cheshire Cat) along with a chorus dressed in disturbingly crude costumes.
If you don't have a smile on your face by the time the credits for this film start rolling, then there may be something seriously wrong with you.
This was a surprisingly good episode.  
They were pleasantly surprised.
The Three Fairies is the most out of place figurine in this set.
My child has seen all the movies and really wanted her very own Woody and Jessie.
we have an array of funny good clean movies
As I have said before in a couple other reviews, I like just about anything with good mermaids in it, and until my mermaid TV show comes about, this is pretty much the pinnacle of mermaids in popular culture.  
I would not recommend this to your children and grandchildren, unless you are prepared to do a good bit of explaining the differences between 1953 and 2012.
"Dempsey's voice is noticeably higher than that of Phoenix, but it stands him in good stead for his squabbles with his leading lady, voiced by Mandy Moore, who later voiced Rapunzel for Disney.
It almost doesn't matter what it is, if it has Pooh on it or in it, we'll like it.
I enjoyed the special features, also.
STILL AS AWESOME AS IT WAS WHEN I WAS A CHILD..Totally.. fabulous..
It's all made of good quality and I would buy it again.
One of the puzzles is missing a piece but has a double piece of the same picture.  
The prince was turned into a beast because he was rude to a witch (let that be a warning to you all, fellahs), and his entire staff was turned into household objects.
After its initial, and critically-savaged, release in 1951, "Alice" languished in the Disney vaults for more than 20 years, until the late-60s craze for all things psychedelic, renewed interest in "Alice" and made it a cult-favorite for college rentals.
yes...you're not seeing things.
I haven't had any negative feedback from mom yet.
I would definately buy this movie again!
All of the questions are princess themed and you win jewels for each correct answer.
I watched it in worse quality before lol.
He freaks out and rings the emergency bell.  
that there 4 movies about Halloweentown.
My daughter still loves it because she's 2; however, it really wasn't worth the money.
I'd say give this one a watch if there is something drawing you to it, whether it's a cast member, the fact that it is a Disney film, or whatever else.
My 3 year old loves having her little sidekick (though I think she would have preferred Amber's fan if it were available).  
I loved it in the theaters and I enjoyed again at home years later....
I first saw it at the age of 5.
This includes some very indepth material on what the film almost was before it was decided to make it a musical, including storyboards.
He had quite a minor role in the first place.
What ever bright person though it would be convenient for parents to have these on the front in babies line of sight must not have ever bathed a baby before.  
Love this movie!
This is the stupidest Pixar film ever.
Great if you need a little break.
Gaston finds the Beast, who is too despondent to fight back.  
It's a rare thing to have such film center on the friendship of two women (it might just be me, but I'm so tired of all these "bromances" that seem to be everywhere these days), especially two women who aren't swimsuit models, spies in cat-suits, or bland love interests.
Just like Bambi, I really enjoy watching the behind the scenes documentaries and learning about the creative process that goes on with the masters of Walt Disney magic: from the collaboration of a gifted writer and team of animators, to the award winning voice talents of legendary actors like Angela Lansbury, along with the innocent and soothing voices of Paige O'Hara who plays Belle and Robby Benson, best known for his voice over work on the animated TV series The Legend of Prince Valiant whom of course lends his talents to the heart and soul of the Beast.  
All little girl's these days, love the Princess Movies, my granddaughter is no exception, she Loved It, will be orderig a few more for her!!
it was only due to established political affiliations that he ended up stationed at the besieged mission.in other words, Davy Crockett was not a "death before dishonor" sort, so he in point of fact surrendered and was sumarily executed the next morning.
Also, it was suppose to be a family movie.  
My granddaughter is very bright.
The film is presented in its original theatrical fomat (full screen).Still the film has never looked or sounded better and there are some quality bonus features on this set.
Each time I watch it, I laugh at something new!  
Great story line.  
The picture is fantastic, the special features worth the money.
So, the audio is well-utilized when it matters most and its during those more intense, action-based scenes.  
I was trying to find a cute bedset for my daughter's room and I was disappointed in most of the toddler bedsets.  
One to own.
The last film of the heavily influenced Mary Blair years.
Maybe it's because the film feels so wrong that it works, but I can't help but admit that this is semi-enjoyable and definitely NOT the worst way to waste an afternoon.  
The little China Girl is pretty awesome.
However, the prize goes to Hans Conried in the twin roles of Mr. Darling (Wendy's veddy, veddy British father), and Peter's nemesis: Captain James Hook.
I like the interaction between gorilla and humans.  
Oh.....I get it...
Writing a story about Native American's when you're not Native American and your audience is mostly non-Native American can be a dicey prospect.
Flash the Wonder Dog: Flash the Wonder Dog is a TV star and hero to fans everywhere, especially Dale, so when Fat Cat and his gang frame the animal actor in an attempt to ruin his career and take the canine populace down a notch, it's Rescue Rangers to the rescue!  
She gives Ariel three day for the Prince to fall in love with her and it must be love true kiss
This is a classic.
Dated in what way?I've seen many versions of "Alice in Wonderland" (including Jan Svankmajer's boring and pretentious film), and Disney's is far and away the most-successful.*
Being that it was a platinum Edition I thought I was getting something special.
Just as I grew up on them I now appreciate what we have today.
My daughter likes to dress up like her favorite princess, so he wanted to dress up, too.
We all know by now about the exclusion of the pilot, and that really annoys me because I don't like this episode very much.  
So much seemed brand new.
As for durability, it is still in one piece and the plastic seems good enough
It's not often a toy does that.
The pirate theme is also something kids of all ages and all generations love and will continue to love.
But my kids love the show and having a soft fun rocket of their own has made them happy.  
My daughter loves to "help" vacuum!  
I recommend for the Entire Family!!
We had all of these movies VHS
My son likes.
Am I the only one that thinks that's a bit steep for a children's movie?
destructive animals are probably all too real for adults to giggle about so the animal shenanigans are probably best appreciated by kids (who are often destructive themselves).
What do make of a film like that?  
really great purchase!
The small builds are really great for smaller kids, it's nice since their attention span is shorter.  
The film's gentle advocacy of low impact style can also be interpreted as an advocacy of: (1) Ensuring that one is adequately prepared for accomplishing any particular task or goal, being self-sufficient, and not having to rely on other people as a safety net; (2) Individualism and the willingness to accept responsibility for one's own actions.  
but when I hit "pause" it's usually to answer the phone or go to the bathroom
This adds to my collection of Disney films.
Very very dirty and scratched up.
The pictures and colors and everything in  between are going to be a great memoir for this little girl.  
They hope to find Jack Sparrow (Johnny Depp) and the Black Pearl ship.
This movie was the weakest of the first three, but still had it's moments.
However, the leprechauns won't give it up without a fight.  
This may not be the best Disney animated film, but it is a worthy entry in the on going Disney animation cannon and should not be passed over.
"Bambi" certainly being one of them; I can recall very vividly sitting down in the leaving room and watching it on VHS.  
All and all, I think the remake for 3D was very good.  
We reviewed it because you asked.  
I bought these "action figures" to go with the pirate ships (Bucky and Jolly Roger).  
Everyone loves Finding Nemo.
The pieces are very large so it is easier for her to pick them up.
Adults can say its a kids movie but still end up watching it and enjoying it as well.
Hope amidst grief.  
The best of the recent (OK, relatively recent) Disney animated fairy tales.
The tale told, that of a spoiled Prince banished by an enchantress to live his days as a horrid beast until he learns to love and can be loved in return, is one that sticks with the audience and really invests itself.  
Turturro's Herbie is a fascinating, naive, greedy man whose life was ruined by the show.  
They are a little on the small side, so if your kids are not, you might want to get something else.  
This is the right movie.
She needs help since she can't read.  
He loves it because the figures can be used with other toys like his remote control car that can have a driver but no figure came with it
But as I make my third different movie comparison, this movie has nothing on Mo' Money.
It's a great addition of these shorts regardless as I found them to be entertaining and interesting.
I have this issue with the amount of `evil' in these Disney movies, and the fact that there is someone willing to kill and then eventually have to die in order to have a happy ending is just so extreme in a lot of these movies.  
There are really no superficial characters here, everybody has depth.
If you can, read the books first.
My daughter loves that her limbs are jointed.  
One English track is a restored stereo version of the original soundtrack.
Who knows.)The only dud I can give Brother Bear is its soundtrack.
It seems to bring into play the dealings in death and the living with ones life.
"Forever isn't long enough when I'm with you"
The film sparkles with vibrancy and appears to have been shot yesterday.
It's an adorable set for pretend play.
brand new cant beat the price.
My only nitpick is that I wish they had explained more about what happened with Davy Jones and Calypso, and just how he came to know how to bind her.
This game is a hit with the little princesses.
Also, because you have a limited number of question cards, the game does get old fairly quickly.
Vibrant colors, very fine film grain, the true aspect ratio the film was originally shot in, etc.
The voice of Boo just melts my heart.
Treat this film as a bit of light hearted fun and you may well enjoy it.
That Like This Songs Should Get This Dvd
The quality is perfect and this movie never gets old.
It is a hamper that can be folded easily.
I've seem FINDING NEMO many times...
Exactly when will Blu-ray technology manage to be able to do the same technical things that were common 30 years ago?
I remember watching TaleSpin while growing up and loved it.  
Peter Pan is an excellent movie and gets an AAAAA+++++.
Thanks to this tub bath time is really fun now!Easy to fill, easy to get rid of the water and easy to hang it to dry.
He has these and the ones for the bath.
My daughter love to go outside and hide behind the trees, and the other day when we went outside and she brought Perry with her, she hid him behind the tree and then came over to me and said she had to go find Perry.
The colors are nice and bright.
I wasn't really expecting to be as entertained as I was by it.  
A slew of corny one liners are spewed and then regurgitated over and over until the drawn out ending (which lasts forever and just will not end) comes and then the movie is over.
Quite simply one of the most original films about adolescence evermade.
Use it also as a cut out (cookies & sandwiches)
That was Husband Number Three, actually.
Although I can't rate this doll, my daughter does have authentic Ariel and Rapunzel 20" plush dolls ( that were $19.95 each).
This landmark film that set new standards in animation is even more fascinating in this 3-D presentation.
The dialogues are unduly long and filled with unnecessary stories that only belong to the class of senile auto mechanics.
As an adult i just think the story is ok, my daughter and freinds seem to like it.
In retrospect though, I should have known better.
Woody arrived about a week ago.
The key goes into the key hole and turns, but we discovered that you don't need to have the key to open it.  
Definitely a movie to have in your Disney collection or movie library.
Scarred by his traumatic experiences, Marlin becomes so over-protective that, in a moment of rebellion, Nemo wanders too far away from the coral reef where a human diver captures him.
We used them as a potty training motivator and he was proud to earn these planes the propellers rotate and are flexible so they aren't sharp.
An Arab is outcast from his country for having an affair with the wife of a nobleman.  
This Snow White seemed to be the fairest one of them all  ; P  My four yr old loves it.
he had such a knack for tall-tales that a few historians have termed him the American Munchausen.
Honestly it's just a stupid design for a kid's toy (rated for ages 3 and up) and sadly disappointing from Disney.
Worth buying and watching again and again.
As a bonus Randy Newman's charming score comes through with spectacular clarity.
Original Song Demos: "Beware The Jabberwock"; "Everything Has A Useness"; "So They Say"; "Beautiful Soup"; "Dream Caravan"; "If You'll Believe In Me"Movie Download Bonus Features (SD & HD):*
It plays well and has a beautiful clear picture.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy is a sci-fi comedy based on the first novel Hitchhiker's Guide series.
Classic movie actually my husband likes it much more than i do.
Its super cute and nice to have
Fun movie, even as an adult I enjoyed watching.
There are two men who I think profoundly affected children worldwide...
Unlike Make Mine Music the film has some success in the theaters.
When we lost the movie, my daughter was devastated.  
I was so impressed with the quality of the overall film and the sound quality and vivid imagery was pristine.
Little Molly is her rambuctious daughter who loves pretending to be her favorite character, Danger Woman.
JUST AS GOOD AS THE OTHER.
Kids go through phases in which they want to hear the same story 30 times--or watch the samemovie, eat the same food, etc.  
When faced with the possibility of Boo coming to harm, Sully tells Mike "none of that matters now.
Ellen DeGeneres just steals the show as Dory.  
Overall, this is a great ride but not exactly for the hardcore sci-fi action seeker.
Too bad, most of the movie is really great.
One of the modern Disney classics and it looks beautiful on blu-ray with a decent 3D rendering.
In fact, Nighy and the Magrathea sequence are the main reasons I chose to invest in the DVD, as they show the film finally coming up to the plate fully imbued by the spirit of Adams and hitting one out of the park.
My daughter has been happily playing with these for over a month, and no pieces have broken off or are missing, and she's dropped them countless times onto our hardwood floor.  
But that doesn't excuse the way the film portrays him; as an obsessive-controlling shrew who was clearly in the wrong from the very beginning.
Just when you think you've seen every 'spy story' and covered every angle comes the intriguing posit called 'Alias'.
Bought this as a gift and it lived up to every expectation with regards to quality and story.
The world of Cars created by Pixar is also very impressive, with the normal Pixar attention to detail (including the bugs flying around being VW bugs with wings).
Back then, Disney was very willing to support God and religion.  
Thought I was getting a "good" deal
I took this as a sign that, as beloved as the dual double agents story line was, it was running out of steam and needed to be changed.
Better than I remember, this is a good buy for someone a little more seasoned who remembers how cute and simple cartoons used to be.
Had to get a new one to replace the other one that the granddaughters had worn out, they love it.
Convincing his principal, Peter Prickly to help him investigate, he instead witnesses the sudden disappearance of the man right in front of his eyes.  
John Company did not provide its ships with defences strong enough to go head to head with French battleships so that they could fight off pirates.
There have been many adaptations of the oldest known Anglo-Saxon poem, Beowulf, but interestingly enough, going into this film I was unaware that it was "loosely inspired" by the work and so failed to make the immediate connection.
Not a bad film, but a bit too much for me.
I've quoted it probably weekly ever since I first saw it.
She imagines a world of her own where animals talk and other bizarre things happen.
My sitter has four boys in different stages of toilet training and one toddler girl - and she uses this seat.
Fantastic story line and who doesn't love a movie with a bunch of catchy songs and dance sequences.  
To my mind, this is the best of the animated classics.  
It compliments the subtle quality of the film that makes it so grand.  
This would probably increase the sales of the first release for sure.
Taken from the Michael Crichton novel Eaters of the Dead, which was loosely based upon an actual historic manuscript.  
My 2 year old is obsessed with Disney.
A true classic and easy to see why it remains people's favorite.
A stuffed animal is not Real Estate or Gold and it will never increase in value.
The other Rapunzel dolls look just like your next Barbie with long hair.
It was time for a new one.  
Not very practical.
This is a very enjoyable movie.
I was an avid fan of the Hitchhikers trilogy in high school and was thrilled with the way this film realized Adams' vision in a contemporary way.
The colors of this release are quite amazing.
Obviously, the film itself is amazing.
My grand daughter loves to hold little things in her hands to play with and this was just perfect!
This was the first animated movie up for an Academy Award.  
These ladies are very entertaining.
It is now able to shot an arrow 10-15 feet without much effort.
Classic movie for everyone to love.
The Brave Little Toaster Goes to MarsV. Melody TimeBonus Feature*
The combo is great, so when he wants to watch it, he has the DVD for his room.
The animation style looks a little crude, but it actually complements the story with well-done simple line drawings.
Would be hard to be a deer hunter after watching this movie
Bongo wanted to be a regular bear.
I need an answer to a question concerning the case.
I would not recommend purchasing this product.
I know that you need to stay alert while bathing your child
George of the Jungle3)
I've loved Finding Nemo since the first time I saw it in theatre - it's possibly my favorite Disney-Pixar film EVER.  
this review is on the blu ray disc of the movie, as follows -movie - 5 / 5video - 5 / 5audio - 5 / 5great re-master, super video and audio from the disney studios, it's likewatching the movie again for the very first time.highly recommended for your collection .
Low production values actually add to the humor.
Beautiful story and beautiful visuals!
Although both films are great, I like "Beauty and the Beast" more, so I made a greater effort.
I think this is the perfect seat to potty train with.
I love the temperature gauge on the bottom!
Herb Simon,  KATY, TX.
The transition to bluray was done very well.
My son is crazy about the Disney Planes movie.
I have no clue as to what's going on...and English is my primary language.  
Amazon now has all five seasons which means I will be happy for a long time.
The ears are made well and the stitching is good for the price range on this figure.
Alice Daydreams in the Park - Deleted storyboard sequence set to music.
I think it should last a while as it appears to be well made.
Love the plot, very cute.
It was positive but not as positive as previous Pixar films have been met.
They battle to save a little girl 'boo'  who they are afraid of .Wonderful movie.
it is  one of the last of the 1990s tv legends.
I can see where people might say it pinches because although it's not supposed to bend anymore in that direction, it does, and could possibly pinch.
I bought this baby book for my son, and it is very cute.
This is most definitely in my top ten favorite films, but probably only because of my experiences, check it out if you think you'll like it, it will certainly be worth it.
Way number one is to look for the symbolism in the story, and believe me when I say that it is there.  
She is 3 years old and loves her Sophia the First doll and the cartoons.  
He loves the fish in the movie cause of the dancing .
My only quibble -- and I remember it every time I watch the film -- is in the wrenching and remarkable scene where Charlie finally has to admit to his father, in his Columbia University classroom -- that he did in fact get the answers on 21, along with other contestants.
but I was not yet ready to have him in a regular tup.
I gave my rating of 4of5 stars, based on the fact that I really like this movie.
I love the play on words in this cartoon.
Pascal is going to be her pet while she is Rapunzel for Halloween.
Right out of spy-school, she works with Finn McMissile, and in the movie, she's packed with all of the latest spy gadgetry.  
I remembered watching it with my children many years ago and wanted to purchase a copy for my grandchildren to watch at "Gma's house".  
The sound is equally impressive with a 7.1 HD sound that will rock your house.
Yes, this has a running time in excess of two hours, but it is worth it to watch this incendiary story unfold.  
To enjoy the first half of this sequel you had to be able to switch off your critical faculties and ignore the fact that history, geography, and nautical legend were twisted about like a pretzel, but given that proviso, large parts of "Dead Man's Chest" were quite funny and entertaining.
My daughter was SO excited when we surprised her with this.
My kids loved Monsters Inc so when Monsters University came out (which they loved) it got them excited about the original
So as a surprise I bought this set.  
These products are a good idea, but is designed poorly.
Risky Beesness: Zipper falls head over heels for a pretty but snooty queen bee in search of her swarm.
The kids love this movie they will play will watch it all day and over and over.
These are just as pictured.
I have THX certified monitors in my video room, and you can hear the sound downgrading as action scenes happens.  
Love this movie & so do the kids.
I love the movie itself, but if you are on the fence about it I recommend searching it.
A wonderful romp into the world of the monsters under our beds, and in our closets.
(consider the theme song and it's claim that he "kill't him a b'ar when he was only three.")
It's a cute movie though
Has him hooked from beginning to end.
Great if you have a daughter!
As the first evocation of his precise formalism, it has a kind of freshness that his later films don't.  
They can play this game for a couple of hours and not get board.
You are just asking for trouble when you slap a title on a movie that also makes a claim you can't provide, thus making it false advertising.
Still, for fans, this chunk of the series is probably the best one of all.
Particularly the fighting scenes between Bambi and a rival buck besotted with his romantic interest and the ending, the birth of Faline and Bambi's young, interested me.
When I first saw it I was a little ambivalent about it, but once I had a son (who loves cars and trains and all kinds of vehicles) who instantly loved it, I began to get it.
She is 32" and 22 lbs, one year old and fits perfect in it, room to grow.
Laughter is more powerful than screams! :)
Disney makes a great plush doll.
AND I HAVE TO SAY I LOVE IT TOO!
But I've got my list of desert-island movie material ready, and QUIZ SHOW is on it.
The last one her uncle gave her was killed by her shaking the plastic bag he was in too hard.
I watched and enjoyed this series of to high school girls who are complete opposites and forced to live together when their parents marry.
Y LA IMAGEN  Y SIN ENBARGO ME DOY CON LA SORPRESA DE QUE SOLO TRABAJON EN
Another traditional Disney...
There's a fair amount of noise/grain but not enough to be distracting.
my early childhood hero, this movie is older than I am, and I enjoy it, I learned about adventure and wanted to be Davy when I grew up, you get the two movies, and I watch them on weekends, hope to show my kids one day, this is a must if you like the outdoors, or just want to see a great older flick
There are alot of different versions of talking Buzz; this one seems to be pretty basic.  
A good episode with some funny moments, but not as great as some people make it out to be.  
I bought it mainly for the movie, so it served it's purpose.
Pinocchio was the second feature length animation from Disney arriving in theaters in early 1940 following Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs but it doesn't feel dated in the least thanks to a complete lack of pop references.
I bought both "George 1 & 2" together for under $12 on Amazon (cheaper than going to the movies), and each movie is on its own disc, not two-sided like some.
As usual, with their classic Disney Blu-ray releases, Bambi also has the useless Disney View, which thankfully, you don't have to use.
Something is VERY wrong with this customer service!  
However, I could have done something wrong when I played it.  
Gets me every time
I love this set, as do my 3 yr old daughter and 5 yr old son.
She and Vaughn do eventually sleep together; they do some making out before the episode ends.
This is an awesome flick.  
This, along with Timecop, King Arthur, Serenity, Dejavu, the One and yes I am even fond of Ballistic, another Banderas film.  
its been years since ive watched these shows.
Yes it's a marketing ploy, but it works.
It is original and funny, with a great story.
I didn't like it as much as the first two Halloweentown movies.
If you didn't like the previous films, you almost certainly won't like this one either.
Everyone has seen Bambi and has their opinions.
This was purchased to replace my missing copy...........
Toy Story 2PlayVHS EXTRASPreviewsI. The Little MermaidII.
Now keep in mind the film playing is not the entire image, it is mixed with sketches, drawings, paintings, test animations and pictures of the animators working, etc.  
I can't wait my child to enjoy it as much as I do
I am a HUGE Pixar fan & so is my grandson now!
The first thing my daughter said upon getting home was that the song didn't play very loud, and the background noise is terrible.  
The animation is bright, active and fluid.
I'm glad I got this one.  
My grandchild LOVES this movie.
Ive seen some of it but not all of it.
cover nicely and helps protect my 5 year old from getting hurt and will help my 8 month old also when he is able to sit by himself in the tub.
Thank you to the other reviewers of this particular Woody.
The scenery almost outdoes mother nature herself in lush sequences and forest shades of green color.
The ultimate public embrace of Disney's "Alice" came over the last few decades as it became a staple of home video and cable TV.
Weird things happen, the main character moves on, and more weird things happen.  
Absolutely LOVE Even Stevens,wish the series was available on DVD.
The "Secret Princess" cards where one player pretends to be the princess and other players have to guess are a little harder for her if it is one of the princesses she is less familiar with.
I brought it home and probably watched it that night or the next.
I still use other bath more, just waiting, when he will be more stable with sitting..
Surely that face, reacting to a devastating and wholly unexpected confession from his son, should be shown in a closeup?But Redford, for some reason, picked the medium shot.
This is just a shortlist.  
Interestingly enough, Bambi's love interest, Faline, is voiced by Cammie King, who previously portrayed Scarlett & Rhett's daughter inGone with the Wind.
It's stuffed a bit hard but the fur is extra soft.
These are soooo cute and durable too.  
Watch it and your heart will beat as loudly for fins and scales as it does for your furry best friends.
I was delighted to hear that this terrific film was coming to Blu-Ray.
We bought this for my daughter for Christmas because anytime she was at her cousin's house she would play with hers.  
His pleas for the Vikings to assist them in this most desperate hour of need inspire courage in the men and at the suggestion of their oracle, who promises them success in their endeavor, twelve of them volunteer for the position, including Buliwyf (Vladimir Kulich), their leader.
I can't wait to give this to my daughter for christmas!!!!I'm really impressed with Amazon.
This item shipped fast and got to our APO a lot sooner than I expected.
Sincerely,Mrs. Rick
I recommend them.
Still a great bargain so recommended.
I love challenging our views on what constitutes female beauty.
It is "light" history that doesn't get into details, and does make some errors about Davy Crockett and his life.  
This movie teaches children the value of friendships over materialism, and it encourages children to look past "shiny exteriors".
The entire first song where Belle is making her way through the town sets the pace and continues to deliver all the way through the movie...from a checkerboard hurtling your way to a knife poking a character as you slide with it down the banister...Beauty and the Beast is probably one of the best 3D movies I have seen in this format.  
A. All of the shirts hang on her.
If you know the story of Jack and the Beanstalk then Mickey and the Beanstalk sort of follows the same pattern.
Despite having a direct to video sequel years later to cash in on some supposed "classic" tale, Disney failed to address why Bambi came from a broken home.
It is pretty large and goes perfectly with the toddler sized Merida dolls.  
Very cute toy, sure to see lots of love and lots of action for a long time.  
For instance I immediately fell in love with the song "Human Again" when I heard it on the CD recording of the stage edition; but for some reason it never seems to get full credit.
The DVD seems to be a good transfer and audio seems fine.
If you just look at the plot and dialogue though, it is just bad.  
and to top it all off the light at the top needs a battery that i have yet to remember because its such a wierd size.
The caliph, in order to appease the jealous husband, appoints Ahmed to be an ambassador to lands of the north.
Of course, he will also learn about love and about man's brutal effects on nature.
Fun and Fancy Free Trivia GameIII.
I have watched this movie several times over the years since it came out.  
Edwards is credited with inventing a style of jazz singing called 'scat.'
And the quality and service were very good
This movie is rated PG13 so we bought it to add to our collection of family movies.
I loved the first Pirates movie.  
One of the tops ripped right away.
Love Julie Andrews as the nanny.
I was very disappointed and I am returning it.
There is nothing disappointing about this multi disc collection with poster artwork cards of attractions included in set.
Where the live action focuses on Alice as a young woman, the animated film focusing on Alice as young teenage girl.
Her plot-line ends so abruptly, just like a lot of other plot lines in this series, including the one about Will's father--who tried to kill him in the end, and also kills poor innocent Norrington who should have been on HMS Indefatigable instead of with these fishy people just because Lord Beckett told him to.
Who can sit through Bambi and not cry when the doe dies?Great film  made even  better on blue ray!kenneth Haft
Smith is pure perfection in this role.
The DVD quality is very good as well.  
Very plush and soft.
my family loved this movie, it has great family humor.
Plays with her older sisters
The characters are fun and the voices and graphics are good.
But do NOT buy this box for the spinning ballerina, buy the Lennox ballerina box if you want that.
she loves to brush the dolls long hair, just like it is in the movie.
The items are cute, with sparkles, and approximate actual doctor tools.  
But when you've got Pacino, Crowe, Plummer and the rest, why jiggle the camera around as if my sister was videotaping a birthday party?
But I prefer it to be snug - rather than other models we have played with that constantly fall apart.  
I love Finding Nemo!!
This is such a wonderful film for the entire family!  
Detail is superb both in close-ups and wide-angled shots.
Jasmine is beautiful with her jewelry and detailed face and her arms and legs are jointed so she's poseable and can sit down as well.
You never know when buying these online if they will be as big or small as you hope.
The diver had dropped his face mask, which had his name and address on it, and Dory can read.
NASCAR fans will love the racing sequences and level of detail dedicated to the sport.
This Minnie vacuum is absolutely adorable in person.  
Not el chipo as this one.
Personally the character gives crips me and my little one so she asked me to put her somewhere so she can't see her.
Ursula strikes a deal with Ariel.
Sofia The First is my current favorite Disney character, so I thought I would love this figurine set, but it just is not up to the standards that the Disney figurine sets usually are.
She loves Doc McStuffins and her whole room is decorated in Doc McStuffins decor.
They particularly love the fact that the kids were able to fly, and they actually hope themselves to be able to fly one day as well.
Beyond that however the Alice story has been told in many forms: audio recordings, plays, ballets, operas, and musicals.
I remember watching this with my grandparents when I was little, and it still brings back memories every time I watch it.
I'm going to take the sound part of aCloud b Sleep Sheep On The Go Travel Sound Machine with Four Soothing Soundswhich I love and put it in the Pooh Bear.
This is worth the money.
When I have kids one day I know this will be thier favorite as well!
Well, times change & I decided that I must collect all of Disney's classic animated features on Blu-ray.
My husband and I both prefer the wide-screen versions of movies, but my son couldn't care less--widescreen or full-screen makes no difference to him.  
and he is broken.
It help a lot to test if the water is good temp.
i wasn't too mad, because honestly, it was a VHS copy, it was about time to upgrade.
it is awesome item
I wish it played the Winnie the Pooh song, but it is very adorable and comes with straps to attach it to crib rails
LOVE that I finally found a good price on Peter Pan DVD edition, looked a long for it, everyone loves to borrow it.
Great movie for the kids (and adults too).
The story is stretched to its limits by dragging out the first half keeping everyone locked in the mansion of mastermind gangster Leo Smooth (Edward G. Robinson).  
The Blu-ray version of this movie is the best ever!
but we'll have this disc when it's time!!
What's not to love in this under sea adventure?
So winning will be easy for them.  
It has a muffled, tinny sound.
Deleted Song: "Silence is Golden" (Song Demo)*
I have bought all these Disney Planes characters that appear in the movie for my son.
It's my belief that anyone who watches these films with Disney View on should just stop watching movies all together.
They manage to appeal to kids, yet make it thoroughly enjoyable for adults alike.
The only problem is it slowly leaking air, so my husband need to refill some air in every couple weeks.
My daughter received this as a christmas present.
GREAT STORY, AND SONGS, WITH A GOOD VILLAIN.
Geared in my opinion towards younger boys and girls of any age and of course the child in all of us.
The timeless story is worth getting for your own Kindergarten/Elementary aged children.
A movie I wanted for long time too.
As for "Beauty and the Beast", watch it and enjoy it, but be aware of this flaw, which is more pervasive and therefore more of a problem to me (despite being less obvious) than the "blink and you'll miss it" corrupt priest overseeing Gaston's sham "wedding" to Belle combined with the fact that we don't see Belle and her prince having a church wedding at the end.
It's another magnificent Disney classic released on Blu-ray and is highly recommended!
The first three episodes  from each show are included here and I know that is bound to disappoint fans of the two series.
4 weeks in and still smells pretty strong of Strawberries.
Doll looks true to character and is durable.
but I did!
Walt Disney discovered that innate attraction and made an industry of it.
Perfect audio and looks great to boot.
Very cute and soft.
The story about persisting in the face of obstacles, adapting and overcoming,  is exactly what I need when I feel like crap.  
Dora is my favorite character.
And it's not just that, the characters and their relationships with each other are alot more interesting, especially in CNDRR where they are the closest and strongest team I've seen in a Disney cartoon.  
Even though it was nominated for an Academy Award and made a sizable amount at the box office, it never stuck in the minds of viewers the way "Aladdin," "Beauty and the Beast," or "The Lion King" did.
Everyone is relieved, even him.
Though by both principle and preference I would like to see Disney releasing these films on Blu-ray properly by retaining the look of their film roots, I can't really complain when the end products look so good.
Anyway, when I found out this movie was being released in Blu-ray, it was my only request as a Christmas gift.
But, for some reason, like all Wes Anderson movies, the second time I watched it I enjoyed it
Love that my grandson quotes entire scenes & we play 'Mike & Sulley'.  
little disappointed when I looked at it.
Snow White, CInderella, Dumbo and on and on.  
Peter Pan is another enduring classic released at the height of the studios resurgence.
It can't sit down as the picture implies but is still a great toy.
However, it is important to note that you do need a plastic shower-curtain liner to go with it, since the cloth is not waterproof.
This movie is a classic and was worth every penny!
that the harvest time what happen
Story - Pinocchio is one of Disney's darker films, both visually and story-wise.
We're going to let her 'grow in to it'.
Sound is also excellent.
Dale finds a piece of Meteor that gives him superpowers but the other half is found by a criminal who steals world monuments and frames Dale.  
I did some comparisons between the Criterion DVD and the Blu-Ray, and the difference is literally like having Lasik surgery or something - practically every shot is crystal clear, and is competitive with the best high definition video out there today.  
I was going to use the ones from Wikipedia, but they just changed the episode guide to an episode list!Disc 1:1.
One of the best Disney movies.  
The rear speakers never rest and never relent.
Only downside is the sheets are very lightweight, almost silky, so not good for winter.
Purchased 4 palace pets for my 3 year old.
So is Alice a loss?
Always breaks my heart but then the rain song plays and I remember why I love this movie.
This film held my interest and I would recommend it for a good Saturday night film for the family with a large popcorn.
Tinker Bell: A Fairy's Tale - (8:27) The history of Tinker Bell.
I laughed outloud.
One day a gorilla expedition is in the jungle and Tarzan hears the shots from Clayton shotgun and goes to investigate.
Movie came quickly and in very good condition.  
This doesn't seem to be an issue with "Bambi".
The print is too dark and there are no bonus features unless you count the option of fullscreen or non-anamorphic widescreen.
My kids absolutely love this movie and can watch it all day long!
Made very well.
Because of their small size, they are very convenient for travel.
although my children are now grown I think the movie includes helpful themes of good versus evil, diversity and tolerance, heroes and villians and effectively dispels the fears of "monsters under the bed " that many children harbor at a young age.
This is an instant Disney classic!
Got this in great time and it was awesome I ordered t for my grand daughters Birthday and she is going to absolutely LOVE it
I like that it doesn't have a lot of little pieces to get lost.
Watched this in HD with family and grand baby and loved it!  
With this conditions you have the miracle of good comedy without cheap laughs.
I will definitely be buying more in the future
Seems to be good quality
This wasn't a problem for Walt Disney Studios though, who were rich by this point.
I probably love her more than my daughter does...
Peter Pan like you've never seen him before!
so I got it for his kids to watch since they never saw it before.
Maleficent wears a tight fitting black and plum high collared dress with cape.  
Mos Def's performance definitely made the movie for me.
If children can watch Ursala being impailed by a ship, epic war scenes from Mulan, Malificent shouting: "And all the powers of hell!"
She watches them all on a regular basis.
They are all already falling apart, none of them can be washed (which is pretty unrealistic for anything a child plays with...), there are strings all over them that constantly have to be trimmed.
They ask us to show them this DVD all the time.  
These ladies went above and beyond for something they believed in, and we got several laughs along the way.
I misunderstood and thought I was getting planes that were larger and made of cast iron, not plastic.
It's just the right size for her to carry around.
You're going to have to watch it.
One of my all time favorites.
The 3-D experience is wonderful.
Will be enjoyed for years to come....
I don't see any value with it.
Sydney is shown being de-toxified by agents (apparently nude with her arms crossed over her breasts).
My notion has always been that movies are not the first place you look for facts, anyway.
"Toy Story," "Finding Nemo," and "The Incredibles" are all film I would have rated among the best in their respective years.
Imagine the Batman animated series meets monsters, and this is pretty much what you get.
They're rather unnecessary.
(Of course, I may be prejudiced because I love the water.)
kids will sit watching intently.
I rolled with laughter  Not only for Mr. van Dyke's versatility but also the gamut of character actors that were in the film i.e. Jack Elam and Slim Pickerns.  
The soundtrack is pretty good but the acting and especially the pacing and direction is highly questionable.
I feel as if I saw it for the first time!!1
I love both cars movies I only wish that these came with digital copy so I can watch all the great artwork and listen to the cool car sounds!
Who doesn't love finding Elmo, er I mean Nemo?!  
The tale has the same clever and ingenious resolutions audiences have seen in many a Pixar flick.
I WILL SET THEM UP LIKE THOSE RUSSIAN NESTING DOLLS HAHAHA
Was a god buy.
If anything, they are placed out of the regular context and into roles that they did not even know that existed inside them.
Even the lead characters misery on the ship, where it was the custom evidently to laugh in the face of death when faced with a storm, comes from this historical manuscript.  
I enjoyed watching it again, and visiting "Neverland" again.
I Bought this as a Christmas Gift and was able to also watch it .  
I bought this for my brother's bday as well as Beauty & the Beast and Aladdin (3 favorites as kids) and he said it was in great condition, arrived in a timely manner, no issues.  
He was super excited and played with it often, even slept with it.
A raucous, weird, understated comedy!!!!
One of the best Disney movies ever made.  
My grand daughter loves Brave, even had brave on her birthday cake.
Thiswas one highly fun and addictive kids' movie!
I bought this for my son after purchasing a Buzz Lightyear Talking Action Figure by Thinkaway Toys that cost twice has much and didn't work at all!!!
Transaction went through well.
He's super soft and huggable.
My only disappointment is that the back of the torso is entirely black.  
The Inflatable buzz lightyear costume jet pack did arrived on time.  
They love the book, and this film would be one of the first they read, then watched.
Glad I found these for her.
meaty, rich, complex ...J.J Abrahams leaves you begging for more.
It's amazing how a cover can determine viewership.
It does feel like a dream, or an acid trip (at least how I assume one would feel).
It is nice and arrived quickly looks just like the picture
In the show, Baloo is a pilot and he meets a little bear cub named Kit.
Reinventing the Submarine Opening [15 minutes]
BECAUSE MY MAIN PURPOSE FOR THE PURCHASE WAS IS THE CHINA DOLL THAT ACCOMPANIES OZ.  
That is one of the stupidest things Disney has ever done all because of greediness!
The head of the agency is Arvin Sloane (Ron Rifkin), a heartless assassin who will go to any lengths to achieve greatness in the Alliance, an elite terrorist operation based in central Europe... even if it means killing his own wife.
I just received this Mickey Mouse doll and plan to give it to my daughter for Christmas.  
They do stick out quite a bit from the sides of the child, but I think it adds to the excitement for the child.a lot of fun, The material is the same as that as a blow-up pool, so there is some durability, but seriously you have to expect that it can easily be punctured just the same if you are not careful.
I bought this a couple years back for my daughter its held up well to some rough handling.
Worked for Grandma too.  
I thought they were slightly pricey.
It's always good when you can use a toy for more than one form of play I guess.
Finding something that equally entertains the both of us is no easy feat.
This is my all time favorite Christmas movie.
The animation, the painted backgrounds, the music, the characters, the movement... everything about the film is a pleasant reminder of the classic Disney films that I have loved and "Beauty and the Beast" is a film I still love.
The sword is more like a dagger.  
The music is amazing as is the animation.
Don't know if HD does anything for a movie made in 1953, but that's what we have.
Hope my grandchildren will enjoy them as much.
this is a classic that we all love and now seeing it again on dvd is amazing!
This Archie-like love triangle is standard operating procedure for much of today's youth-targeted films and TV, as it is in many grown up rom-coms.
But the 2D disc is nothing less than impressive.
My daughter takes this doll everywhere -- sleeps with her, eats with her, drags her through the yard, the grocery store, you name it.
'Where No Duck Has Gone Before' is a cute episode where Launchpad and the nephews find themselves in outerspace.
Again, none of this changes the excellent quality of the rest of this film.  
If you can still get a copy of this movie I would highly suggest it.
The Buzz was great and good working quality.
Deleted Materials:- Deleted Scene: Pig and Pepper - (3:12) Ron Clements and John Musker (writers of Disney's "Princess and the Frog") sharing  sketches of the "Pig and Pepper" that was cut from "Alice in Wonderland".- From Wonderland to Neverland: The Evolution of a Song - (6:49) An entertaining look at how a song originally written for Alice in Wonderland, finally found its home in another Disney favorite, Peter Pan.  
Bringing the Story to the Big Screen3.
Mainly made of plastic.  
Another very good buy from Amazon.  
Again Davy Jones is a villain, but he is not the only one, and we see many familiar faces along with some new ones, and I had a lot of fun with the storyline for this film, it was rather creative.
The quality is great, just as described by the seller.
The cast is amazing and the humor is of perfect taste!
Owen Wilson doesn't appear in this one, but Luke and Andrew Wilson are both involved.
For a long time, I was looking for this movie and it was just after "The Little Mermaid" went back into the Disney Vault.  
Blu-Ray, and boy am I happy!
It comes with some nice features as well!
The best sequences in them achieve a truly psychedelic frenzy; stringing them together would make for a masterpiece.
When I can watch the Bonuses, I'll revise the review.
I am usually quite dismissive of Disney films for a variety of reasons but say what you will about them, the early films were exceptional and beautiful.
See you in another 8 years!!!
Of course these days I have this special edition DVD and I like it just as much now.
It's been all over New England and the tri-state area as well as up and down the southeast coast and PR.  
Some adventures then follow as he tries to fulfil this goal, with the help of Jiminy Cricket as his conscience.
My daugher asked for this for Christmas and I purchased it as her gift.  
It's a very good telling of that story that the whole family will enjoy.  
That is the reason I bought this set.
It is great small  and perfect for a toddler.  
It's made well.
You can select this method and what it is is, actors performing the original "sweat box meetings" where they discuss developing the entire movie.  
Came with 4-5 recipes :)
I've watched the 4th one
Turns out she is Calypso, imprisoned by the Brethren court, a meeting of nine Pirate Lords, at an earlier meeting.
I show it to my great grandkids.
Cars is certainly one to pick up for the family if you don't own it already.
It is funny and appeals to adults and young viewers alike.
I got this and the rabbit.
Not only is the movie entertaining the 3D is awesome.  
This is a super-cute tub and my 8-month-old son loves it because he'd grown too big to kick and splash in his hard plastic infant tub.
Those episodes don't interest our son as much as these earlier episodes that focus on the Tool Time antics and its slapstick humor.
Any little girl or grown up will just love this China Girl!  
Cliff Edwards, the voice of Jiminy Cricket here, was a popular 1920s recording artist known as 'Ukulele Ike.'
It is a moving piece based on a true story.
What more can you say?
It would work very well for older children who love Tinker Bell, too!  
There's just something about that classic animation.
It was pushed back some (originally this was to be a June release) due to some minor problems.
Only Mulan shows a degree of moral fortitude similar to Belle when she, too, saves her incapacitated father's life by taking his place (but, as pointed out in another Amazon review, who remembers any of the songs in Mulan?).So, given that you simply MUST buy this film, the question becomes Blu-ray or DVD-only?  
Worth the price IMO.
Jiminy almost gives up as conscience figuring "What does an actor need with a conscience?"
In all Finding Nemo has certainly earned its place in the hallowed halls of CG feature fame despite the fact that it's difficult for me to consider its delivery revolutionary.  
Watch out, now they are waking up and find themselves transported from Scotland to the busy metropolis of New York City.
I wanted the Blue Ray version, my Grandson wanted the DVD version.  
The dresses and accessories are a horrible quality.
The characters paint-job is good quality, nothing smeary, no misplaced paint lines, all good here!
What a great movie!
I love the way to plastic has a shiny  opal like look to it.
This bathtub was the best choice ever!
She is going to be so excited.
This is a fun Sci-Fi movie.  
and it took here a little while to get into the story, but now she really likes it.
Another one I thought I remembered more clearly than I really did.
Indeed, even the dialogue is minimal--so are the plot and characters--and yet it WORKS.  
While I know that is true.. do we have to say that explicitly?
Instead, you see black and white photos that highlight their unique beauty and playfulness.
All Ghibli films are great!
They hurt if you step on them.
If you liked Max's plays in the film, you'll enjoy these.
Even thought there were changes to the characters appearances, watch Gonzo's nose change, it was still well done.
The story of Marlin's determination spreads across the ocean, and through crawling crabs and lobsters, leaping dolphins telling the story to seagulls flying overhead, creatures of the land and sea are made aware of this effort.
those closest to him said they weren't convinced because they didn't think he could count that high.the major liberty it takes with history, of course, is it's depiction of Davy goin' down fightin' at the siege of the Alamo.
Great movie for a great book.
Taking in this film, even a decade after its initial release, it becomes apparent that Pixar's charm is actually derived from some of the simplest ideas imaginable.  
My 2.5 year old really likes this movie and its enjoyable for me to watch too.
My daughter asked for this for Christmas and she loved it.  
Fun music like most Disney movies too.
Monsters, Inc. in 3-D was great.  
Though the story does move along at a "regular" pace, I would think the fact that the words appear on the screen and are highlighted as they are spoken could provide an additional benefit to kids learning to read.
I can remember seeing it for the first time with my twin brother and my Dad in the theatre when I was a kid.  
but it doesn't.
I find nothing special about it.  
This is a fun retelling of Beauty and the Beast, given the usual Disney treatment.
My grandbabies live in Northern Nevada and I live in Southern Nevada so ordering Birthday Presents are so easy to order and send without any problems.
Very colorful and good size puzzle pieces for little hands and delivered on time.
He's still very much a working actor all these years later, and rightly so.
So I'll suggest that if you are using the reviews for Peter Pan that you sort by "Newest First".
I still remember when I was little and watching the un-edited versions of these classics.  
My 2 yr loves this set.
It's a girly-girly movie but not too girlie for the less girlie twin.
It has a little bit of everything in it, romance, drama, action, comedy.  
Overall, its a decent Disney movie, but certainly not the greatest that everyone seems to proclaim it to be.
The.only thing I don't like is the price 15$. I can buy it for cheap from walmart.
This movie has been enjoyed for years by us and our children.  
They should have made everybody happy and had 1 widescreen version and 1 fullscreen version.
The viewpoint from a monster's perspective which I think can even help young kids to not be afraid of the dark.  
so I know I cant wash it.
I do not know what part of the world it came from, but I'll bet this is a pirated version.  
She's 2 1/2 and has lines memorized.  
But, when a human child (toxic, like all children) sneaks into Monstropolis, Sulli and Mike find themselves in real trouble.
A couple scenes scared him.
perfect for lil boys who love cars!
The first time I saw this movie I laughed so hard that my stomach hurt, and there is one scene in the movie where I laughed even harder and couldnt stop laughing for 20 minutes.....
This movie is awesome hilarious, the swinging balls are the best.
He is in charge of keeping lightning in radiator springs to finish the road.
The tops I did not know have velcro in the back so it goes on like a backwards jacket and velcros, its a pain to have to help her all the time
First, they sell him to the volatile and greedy Stromboli (Charles Judels, who later in the movie plays the evil Coachman) who pushes the little puppet "into the public eye" (so he can make money, of course!).
My son didn't want the talking Lotso, he wanted a Lotso he could cuddle with at night.
the films highlight.... appreciated the insight on how deeply committed such a young man is to his 3 year mission...
But what turned my whole world upside-down was the very ending of the movie.
Ahmed learns to be a warrior and grows in stature during the course of the many battles, a lesson common in heroic fantasy epics.
There are screenshot threads comparing the blu-ray with the VHS and I feel that this bluray is a worthy upgrade without too many awful mistakes like on the Cindarella blu-ray or others like Little Mermaid (has been recalled), Robin Hood, and Sword in the Stone.  
Our grand-daughter's Disney collection is growing at a great pace, We really appreciate her response when she gets a Disney move to add to the collection
Really cool little set.
Alice In Wonderland is one of my all time favorites that Disney has covered ;-)
Reconnect with what Disney is really about with this truly amazing animated feature film.  
Peter pan is a wonderful Disney movie classic.
It can be good for helping kids understand that parents aren't infallible and sometimes we don't see the things that are bothering them as problems, until they tell us what the problem is.
This films concludes the struggle the characters face against Davy Jones and the East India Company.
Walt Disney World7.
The two "films" that are in this movie are Bongo and Mickey and the Beanstalk.
She said the questions were too easy, and it really wasn't all that fun.
This was purchased to use as a bin to put stuffed toys, I am so glad that I did.
When Bambi fights the older stag for Faline, it comes off as if he's trying to protect her from "molestation".
Studio Ghibli, especially, almost never follows what I consider to be the "normal" story patterns.
Disney brings to life the classic children's story.
Pinocchio is one of his best classics & has many "moral teachings" that all children should learn when they're young!
That is pretty cruel and does not make sense.
Even the more impressive scenes like the beginning when Marlin and Nemo are headed to the first day of school, have a very layered effect rather than a continuous effect.  
God bless you all.
wanted my kids to see this as he was before he was famous and serious films
Go out and buy it today!
Glad I got it on a lightning deal.
I consider this a pretty big design flaw in this playset.
Ordered these to go with the Bucky ship as the ship only includes Jake and Skully, but these figures come attached to stands that are not removable and do not fit well on the ship.
Plus the fact that she cannot talk only adds to this mystical story of what real love can be.  
i love all the characters in it.
I purchased this one in replacement of another brand.
That DVD contains "Morris, the Midget Moose", which is also on the "Timeless Tales, Vol.
I bought this used for my aunt (who compares me to Bambi all the time) for Mother's Day.
The 3D effects are subtle enough to not give you a headache and the story is really fun.  
I was frankly disappointed in this movie.
My daughter had to have this one because it has the bow and arrow.
its goofy so if you're not into that sort of thing, avoid it but coming from a non sci fi lover, if all sci fi movies were like this i would definitely own more movies of the genre.
The opening number is some sort of gospel number, which is completely at odds with what's going on.
Robert Redford does a great job of pacing his film, giving us just enough to keep us hooked and keep the film flowing, and he manages to splice together different plot points and character arcs with an ease and naturalness.  
In this DVD, T.J., Vince, Spinelli, Gus, Mikey and Gretchen are all looking forward to fifth grade at the Third Street School when they discovered their new teacher is Miss Finster.
Too much schmaltz and fluff for my taste.
The main theme of the film is innocence, and it details the early years in the life of a young deer.
Cannot say anything bad about the movie!
Wonderful family movie.  
5 stars*****
As far as the 3D portion, it was good to watch the movie again after such a long time
If only this had been 27 episodes long like the 2nd volumes of Talespin & Darkwing Duck, then Good Times Bat Times, my all-time favorite episode, would have been on DVD & I'd know for sure which one is my favorite.  
Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
I think it is quite enough that Bambi II starts with a forlorn Bambi calling for his mother, and I am grateful my granddaughters have not asked where Bambi's mother is yet.
Special effects don't matter - in fact - they make it worse, because special effects aren't funny.  
So how would Alice in Wonderland be portrayed in other mediums?
This is a classic movie to me.
I have seen Pixar at its greatest and this was not their greatest.  
In all a very worthy addition to any collection.
A classic, my 2 year old son loves this movie so i had to buy it.  
But all in all, so cute, that way she plays with her "boy doll".  
The raccoons were funny.  
Can't wait to see the Grand Budapest Hotel.
She is 22 months and just fits but feels secure and can't wait until bath time.  
Disney's Peter Pan has an extremely tight, well paced story without a wasted frame or a scene that drags.
Good bonus features too!
We site down to watch an episode and end up watching 3 or 4!
Our son watches this over and over every day and loves it.  
Tinker Bell comes to the rescue and saves Peter Pan.
There were no issues with shoddy workmanship that a few other reviewers have mentioned, except for one fastener that was slightly crooked.  
The story is not like the other princess stories where there's always love at first sight or evil villains with superpowers.
It was so good some of the Disney Stores have a Rescue Rangers diorama based on this episode.  
These characters have feet that are hooked together by a plastic platform.
The blu-ray edition looks awesome, has most of the special features, and the audio is superb.  
It arrived on time and was exactly as described , very good condition.
The Movie:Easily Wes Anderson's best movie, this is Wes Anderson "for the rest of us."
In the first minutes 'Marlin'(Nemo's father)witnesses his wife (if you will) and 400 of his offspring eaten by a sea predator!This film does have some very tense moments that I think are a little too much for younger viewers(especially on a big theater screen, but it's a top notch movie.  
It worked beautifully as a mold to turn plastic crystals into special Christmas tree ornaments.  
The packaging is pretty cool, and of course the film is great as well.
And through his naive encounters and constant strains to try and convince her she is the one for him, and he the one for her, he only manages to push her away, and lose what he wanted most.
This sequel does something different by turning Wayne Szalinski's toddler son into a giant.
Kenai and Koda bounce off each other very well, as do the bumbling moose brothers Tuke and Rutt, whom Kenai seems to run into over and over again.
It also shows Mr. Walt Disney entering on the ET Ripley alongside Mickey Mouse.
Another Animated Classic from Disney Studios, Duck Tales Volume I, Includes 27 Episodes in 3 DVDs The Adventures of Donald Duck and his Nephews Huey, Dewey, Louie and their very rich Uncle Scrooge Mc Duck.
purchased for my neice, she loves it and has just about worn it out she has played it so much
Normally this wouldn't be a big deal, but the bonus material is broken up in 5 segments with 15 or so sub-segments.
We love Boo.
In fact, I'm actually glad that Peter Pan was locked away in the Disney Vault all these years so that the first time I experienced it during my adult years was in high definition and restored to the high standards of a little girl who loved everything Neverland.
A great series, though it can get pretty dark at points(alot of points)
His other arm has a neat hinged cover that he can open up to communicate with Star Command.
it is pretty self-explanatory.
That is all.
It is so nice to be able to pass down the movies that I loved growing up to my children.
I have 3 year olds that love to watch this movie and it's a frequent request.
Additionally, Disney is now including digital copies with their combo packs, and they don't just have to be redeemed on iTunes.
I love Billy Crystal as Mike... can't spell that last name.
They could have made a fabric bag that looks like the plastic one.
Exploring the Reef* Knick Knack Theatrical Short* Mr Ray's Encyclopedia* Fishharades Game* Storytime* Behind the Scenes (Character Interviews, Studio Tour, Publicity)
When it does follow the script it hangs like a turd when it goes off book (and god does it go off book) it leaves you wondering how Adams could have ever been behind this slaughter of his workThis doesn't deserve one star in fact it owes us 5 stars
All in all, this is a wonderful movie from ages nothing to not telling.  
This movie is authentic.
The moral is phoned in right from the start.
I'm starting to think I'll never see an anime movie that doesn't amaze me in some way.
Not a single spot on here that wasn't well aligned and stitched.
My son (2 1/2) is in love with the Little Einsteins.
I simply lost interest in the show due to each of the story's obvious beginning, middle, and end so typical of formulaic written tv series.
Similar to the "Snow White" Blu-ray release, how can "Beauty and the Beast: Diamond Edition" improve upon the original 2002 release?  
Also, the cinematography in the close-up views of boulders, alpine meadows, grasses, lichens, and such, is also perfect.(2) SCIENCE.  
Some scenes (like the swim over of the reef) nearly looks real!  
Sorry, Peter, but I grew up.
This "game" and game pieces are just awful.
The monsters travel through doors linked to those in children's' bedrooms in our world and do their best to scare said kids into a nice shriek of terror.
Was so worth ordering it for them at Christmas!  
Quality is good and I cannot wait to watch it, will always love this show.
Not bad, but not as easy to root for as the Gummi Bears' quest to rediscover their past & protect the present, or the Rescue Rangers going around helping people, no matter how big or small the case is.  
If Snow White was a sign that animation could make a significant mark on the history of film, Pinocchio broke through and made that claim.
This movie is highly recommendable for children of all ages!  
Somehow they capture the essence of what I imagine it is to be Japanese and to live in Japan.
The Best show on TV at any time.
So looking thru the tons of different Rapunzel dolls on the market, all just a tad different here and there, this was most reasonably priced for the final product.  
All that money spent on it (which it was a good price for it)
buy it, i know you will not be disappointed
It's not the type of film I'd run out and buy, but I do think it'd be fun for kids and adults alike.
As it begins, Marlin encounters a Pacific royal blue tang with a short-term memory named Dory(drawn quite accurately to look like Ellen DeGeneres), who will play a pivotal role in this story.
The very things that were problematic for "Alice" as a '50s movie have become assets in modern times.
SHE CALL ME AND WENT ON ABOUT THIS PRESENT.
he laughed the whole time over tarzan and jane was adorable packageing shipping and customer service was excellent!!
It has become a classic in its own time.  
Disney's Diamond collection is off to a great start.
We just didn't enjoy this, it's not the pooh we love, but it might be what others love, we do t enjoy the hyper pooh and friends characters.
Michael as he deals with loving her but being unable to express himself.
I think it is good for a 3-4 year old boy.
In this release, we get more special features than its previous 2002 DVD release but also three different versions of the film which includes a special extended edition, the original theatrical release and the original theatrical release with storyreel picture in picture (watching the film with the original storyboards in picture in picture format).VIDEO:Everything about "Beauty and Beast" screams gorgeous, vibrant and magnificent with the release of "Beauty and the Beast: Diamond Edition".  
No problems whatsoever.
This is a good fiction character for all young ladies coming into their own.
It does not have the Disney stamp on foot...
Fits perfectly on our faucet, holds air VERY WELL, AND it actually helps with back-splashing water.
Made a good Disney movie even better!
The box says it can be used up to 24 months, but the package insert says it is for use up to 25 lbs, maximum.
I waited for this to be at a reasonable price, leave it to Amazon to get a good deal!  
HE BEING HER GUARDIAN AND ALL.
There is also Wilson Wilson, the Taylor's quirky and genius neighbor, who gives at least one the Taylor's advice in every episode.
This was the best Easter gift my daughter received from the Easter Bunny.  
There are many discs listed that are not for the US (A/1) country code.
Bought for 3 year old Granddaughter fit was perfect, she wore them everywhere.  
Would recommend this for families with small children.
I think they could have gone a little deeper and doing so would have vaulted this one into the upper echelon.
This movie is fun for both kids and adults.  
This is a quirky sci-fi movie, with typical Douglas Adams humor and a few characters that you sometimes would like to slap some sense intoor perhaps that's the way the screenplay was written.
This was to test to see if I liked it and it was beautiful.
And this movie helps a lot.
I will never put this movie on the back shelf.
One of my favorite Pixar films.
Love this movie, but having to watch it in blu-ray format makes a difference between clarity in sound and picture.
While I was very sad about Norrington, I am glad the love square ended.
Another great addition to the series.  
This is a masterpiece of a motion picture, and I intend to urge as many people as I can who only vaguely remember it as I did to revisit it, and to make sure it receives an introduction with those who've never thought to even consider watching it.
Price was right and shipping was prompt.
Bobby Driscoll's vocal work as Peter Pan is one of the finest, most recognizable voices in Disney's canon of characters.  
They arrive to find the kingdom ill-defended against an adversary that is thought to be demons from the underworld.
The wings light up and pop out with the push of the big red button.
I love that you can take the insert and invert it and tape it around the box they came in and it looks like a scene from the Andy's room.  
now that it has finally made it to the dvd format I couldn't wait to purchased the dvd.
Here's a breakdown (features on the DVD will have an * beside them):Mater and the Ghost Light*: Like all Pixar releases Cars comes with both the animated short that was viewed before the movie in theaters plus a totally new short related to the movie itself.
This is just silly movie and it was a good price.
It was difficult, but not impossible.
She also said "You're Nemo!"
This car is metal and the detail put into this car is pretty good considering its just a toy car.  
Broadway Beginnings - (13:02) Stars such as Jamie-Lynn Sigler, Nick Jonas, Christy Carlson-Romano, Andrea McArdle, Donny Osmond, Deborah Gibson and others talking about being involved in the Broadway version of "Beauty and the Beast" and their experience of watching the animated film.
William wants to free his undead father.
But who cares?  
Also initially sketchy is the role of a huge whale.
I was not let down.
I am enjoying the prime movies and all that goes with it.
soft, "well built" (meaning it has good stitching, doesn't look cheaply made).  
It's nice to see such a wonderful actor like Stewart getting involved in more family friendly film endeavors.  
Jimmy's journey is both hilarious and heart-warming.  
We love watching this show together.
This game is simple and my five year old enjoys it.
It has a good story line and is easy to watch over and over with the great grand girl.  
Michael Creighton wrote a lot of 'formula' novels.  
and it was missing 3 pieces!  
This doll was not only beautiful but durable.
This movie was the older animation, but it did add more texture and quality to an already Disney classic.  
True, Daisy doesn't stand alone, but she leans quite nicely.  
It's a cute movie!
The Legacy Continues: A Sneak Peek at the All - New Bambi Movie4)
The Little Mermaid Diamond Edition is a must have for all you Ariel fans out there!
There was no better a time when Alice was in all the rage because of Burton.
She loved Little Einsteins and he wanted to surprise both her and me with this cool Rocket plush toy.
I ordered this for a 4 year old boy and he loves playing with it.
I love this bath tub.
The whole package has been reworked and spruced up for it's DVD and Blu-Ray release which makes for impressive viewing overall.
if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do
People didn't really care that the game shows were rigged because they were hypnotized by the absorbing entertainment.
This is just a cute plush any child might like if they follow the Little Einsteins series.  
The extras are good, but not all that impressive for my taste, there is still plenty here to enjoy.
I used to watch "Walt Disney's Wonderful World of Color" when I was kid, and these shows were just slightly before that time.
Many of the products are not even at the same store.
Our child played with it for two weeks and then lost interest.
I THOUGHT THE ENTIRE POINT WAS FOR THE DOLL TO BE SMALL ENOUGH TO FIT INSIDE
And I'm the grandmother.  
My kids wanted to watch it again and again!
She also doesn't scream when the jellyfish stings her.
Cutler Beckett (Tom Hollander) still rules of Port Royal.
In any case, it came with beautiful beautiful shawland raja figure, gorgeous errings, necklace and the outfit was out of this world gorgeous in person.
The doll is posable and has beautiful hair.
Of course, the animation is state of the art.  
I especially liked Ben and Me ,learning about Mother Goose ,Ferninand  the bull and Paul Bunyan.
One French admiral commanding a squadron of real warships, including a ship of the line, at first correctly assumed that a convoy of East Indiamen which he had intercepted was running this particular bluff, pressed his attack up to the point when his battleship and frigates and the East Indiamen had exchanged broadsides for 45 minutes - and then changed his mind as English  cannonballs continued slamming into his ships.
(My city doesn't have a Disney Store.)
The portrayal as women as these subservient, empty headed objects is a bit much.
It seems thick and my daughter has had them in her mouth a lot and I am scared she might be chewing on the paint.
Nemo becomes separated from Marlin in the Great Barrier Reef, when Nemo is unexpectedly taken far from his ocean home, and dumped into a fishtank in a dentist's office.
The very best Peter Pan ever made for film.
He asks a blue fish whether she has seen a boat go by recently, and she says yes, it went that way.
This is a good movie.
Product only costs $4.95 through the Disney store (my egg ring came with the Disney store price tag still attached to it which lead me to look it up online to see if that was the real price since I had no clue).  
Barry Watson and costars are hilarious as college boys who find themselves in need of housing while they prove they did not steal from their fraternity house.  
Her trademark horned crown headpiece is molded onto her head.  
Much of the Oscar buzz 14 years ago was about Michael Mann's The Insider, an intense, stylized dramatization about Jeffrey Wigand, the former Brown & Williamson tobacco executive who went public with history-making revelations on the iconic CBS newsmagazine show, 60 Minutes.
We love watching this movie at home.
There's all these tiny screws, I put the dumb thing back together and it quits working.
It's Pixar, it's great.
Now don't get me wrong because I think Keenan Ivory Wayans is talented.
It has thrills and spills and surprises, without excessive violence or bad language.
He did it well too.  
Got this for my 2.5 year old, to go with her Cinderella doll.  
No surprise, John McTiernan had lost the touch he once had in Predator and Die Hard.
I've seen it three or four times in one day when my grandson is here and we still haven't gotten tired of it.
It doesn't look too digitized though, as Disney will sometimes do.
This is a great family friendly movie, filled with adventure and suspense, along with fun monsters hiding behind human forms!
The candle is an adulterer.
If you lived comfortable lives as children, it is very likely that you created your fantasies about heroes and monsters, based on the environment that you were raised.
So glad Disney re-released it! :)
This movie is a classic, with a solid story line and characters.
I looked this dude up on the Disney site, and carefully read reviews of every Woody I could find on Amazon.
Stuffy is suppose to speak but does not.
Forget the new 2010 version!
Until my purchase arrived, I was unclear, because most reviews of the Blu Ray import are lacking in this basic, clear statement: IT WORKS.So then, I will happily repeat myself for your benefit and will say that, first and foremost: IT WORKS IN US BLU RAY PLAYERS without a hitch!
While he and Mike are with the child though, things begin to change as Sulley grows attached to the little girl named Boo, and they discover that she is not at all dangerous, but Randall is and that his accomplice in the kidnapping caper is none other than their own boss Waternoose.
I had gotten this for my 2 year old daughter because she loves Doc and is wonderful with puzzles.
The bluray transfer is gorgeous.
The proud family has always been a very popular family sitcom.
I doubt my dispassion for "Finding Nemo" will keep anyone from watching or purchasing this new Blu-ray edition.
The use of light is very good as well, especially in the castle where the shadows and pools of light are very well done.
Perfect size quality and feels soft!  
Every time this movie is re-released, it gets better.
Not going to tell you the 2nd movie didn't grow on us but with the same stellar cast in the first, this movie has so much heart and our family loved it.  
this again is a movie for my grandson Joshua to help him learn his 123's.  
Great video for my grandson and he really like it.
For those who enjoyed these series in the past, I recommend seeing them again.  
Was on my granddaughter's list and a smiley face showed elation.
This is such a hoot!
Without revealing too much of the film's conclusion, the arc of the story is in fact a lesson in perfecting the relationship between parent & child.
This was a gift for my 6 yr old nephew.
The song: "What makes the red man, red" is classic (i.e. insensitive and stereotypical) Hollywood 'injun' stuff.
I watched this movie so many times when I was young.
Millions of television viewers thought they were watching legitimate knowledge competitions, such as "the $64,000 Question" and "21", in which the contestants were being asked difficult questions supposedly sealed in a vault.
That is a sign of a good movie -- when the little ones don't get bored.
My daughter is a big Minnie fan.  
Though her parents are very sensitive to racism and this story is filled with it around Native Americans, they do not feel it is obvious enough to effect their daughters.
I personally think The Little Mermaid is a wonderful tale of a mermaid, Ariel, who is sick of life under the sea and wants to be human.
so Mama doesn't have to stress
Although it has a predictable tale, it is a good movie to watch with your kids that has a good message on top of it.
2 yo son loves it.
The relationship between Sulley ("Kitty") and Boo is so charming, caring, and sweet.
this is for any fan.
We need more good shows like this one.
And Disney told a wonderful version of it with this animated feature.
There online wherehouse was sold out.
Chris and the rest of the Women's Institute rush to support their friend, but it's only a matter of time before he passes away.
Watch something else.
great quality and great price.
Almost everything is only on the Blu-ray, as listed below:2013 DIAMOND EDITION (2013)Blu-ray Bonus Features*
we love it.
and she loved it.
I especially love Twiddledum and Twiddledee and the entire army of cards!My two year old loved it too and that's saying something!
This movie is flat out insipid.
Disney has really gone above and beyond to make Bambi appear as if it just came out yesterday.
And traditional "victims" are not victims but can handle themselves--or if they can't at first, the story is about their becoming able to--and any true "victims" are useless males.
This is a must.
They don't move in any way.
another great life situation many have dealt with.sometimes life is hard to overcome.friends abanndon us,and leave us on our own to figure life out.isn't it great when we're at the end of our rope,grace steps in and the obvious is made clear to us.
Easy to hang, one fell apart when taking them down, but overall very pleased
The movie heavily centers around the relationship dynamics of Arthur and Trillian.  
We also have Elinor (also beautiful) and the 15" Angus plush (really well made and the perfect size for the 11" dolls).
Both Mother's didn't know the doll was soft and liked this feature very much too.
What I REALLY like (love) is how innocent the children are.
The quality of the disc was excellent.  
I'm not really sure what the point was in creating it...
A satisfying amount of special features will please consumers and make it a worthy purchase.
There was nothing wrong with the product at all.
Beauty and the Beast is my personal all-time favorite animated film.
and so I really just want the film to pause.
I bought this product for my grandson and he was very happy with this DVD.
Story Telling the Taleb.
I happen to be a huge fan of Disney, especially classic Disney, unquestionably including classic Disney live-action.
I am so happy with the NeedyThings4Children's service!
Well done Disney!!
She loved it.
It looks better than the Platinum but nothing compared to the BD.Bambi is a film that should be in every film collection and this Diamond Edition is a perfect way to own it.
("Venison -- it's Bambilicious!")
I was glued to the small tubed- oversized electronic conglomeration that was television when 7pm rolled around!
Always loved Fess Parker in anything.
This tub is amazing!
Its fun, but it has zero depth, and it is obvious that Disney likes to regurgitate the same basic `moral' with nearly all of their films now.
Well worth the price.
You will love it :)
A great part of the movie and this is a great doll for any fan.
Hopefully Disney will release the DVD versions so i can purchase those as well.
There are days when you just need to watch something silly and this is the one to watch.  
She is always wearing one of the skirts.  
They've been taken away, killed or kept in captivity.
Watching this on blu-ray is great!
This inflatable spout cover does all those things, and it was inexpensive!
The Beast is dying, but Belle tearfully declares her true love for him, before the last petal falls.  
The road of the two to each other's heart is rocky to say the least, what with the Beast's temper and Belle's sometimes reckless curiosity.
With that being said I can appreciate children's love for Mater and at the same time love his selfless morals that can instill values in children regarding loyalty and friendshipMorals - This hit a big one with me.
The DVD I watched has over five minutes of bloopers, none of them anything special at all.
Unfortunately every one of them has Woody and Buzz.  
If you are a fan of either the books or radio broadcasts you should not miss out on this crazy ride.
I thought Huck looked older than Tom, I always pictured them the same age.
The story is awesome, the characters are endearing, the animation superb and the action sequences jaw-dropping.
If you have a little girl and she loves Ariel, then you should absolutely get this doll!  
This is a great feel-good Disney movie.  
They really just butchered the whole film.
rolls and pops and all sorts of excitment for a toddler.
This movie is sooo good.
so it's a nice introductory movie.  
Lots of imagination in every adventure.
This makes it a little bit awkward to get into, and especially awkward to take off to use the bathroom.
Wow, what a great story.  
They seem to be durable and are painted well
Cars may not be your cup of tea but is a worthwile picture
It's really hard to believe that ten years has passed since Finding Nemo came out, and this is the anticipated blu ray release celebrating that time.  
If you dont have this movie in your collection, you need it.
After the first 10 minutes the freeze-framing seems to have stopped, and it could play.
players draw a card, and look at the visual clue (e.g., gaston, glass slipper, fairy godmother, etc) to figure out which princess the clue belongs to.  
His life is a much deeper one now.
He loves all his cars.
It's a very sexist movie and I won't rent/watch it again.
The songs are of consistently high quality, with the settings of several Carroll verses standouts.
Omar Sharif and Antonio Banderas?  
He quickly adapted to to the seat and loves to sit on it.
This isn't some Bible movie you bought, so get over it.
As a note - this technology is not available in all areas.
the inevitable usual result is that people who were supposed to of actually existed tended to feel cold and wooden enough to of sprung from the very basest form of fiction.in a curous way, though, that what salvages the films in which Fess Parker portrayed Davy Crockett.
Considering the jewel of a film this, I was delightfully surprised to see that it still has the magic of a great story and wonderful animation for young, (my grandchildren) and old (not so much!)
The film is best seen after the "Black Pearl" episode and I should think, other episodes.
I was surprised at how many cards my daughter got right.
Its just a nice little show.
How do you relive your childhood?  
but i was disappointed that orlando bloom became the captain of the flying dutchman i always want a "happily ever after ending"
The Weird Sisters appear and watch as the spell Demona casts instead turns the humans to stone during the night, allowing Demona to easily dispatch them as she remembers her true life.  
i just needed it for my collection and i don't like it much.
It had some  famous faces.
Great, my son loves it and it goes perfect with the rest of his Toy Story characters.  
The film is a magical blend of terrific storytelling, beautiful animation, wonderful music and great voice acting.
The movie is classic collection for animation.  
Disney doesn't give this show much credit.
No they are not spies or anything.
But the film looks and sounds so much better than the original 2000 DVD.What transpired in "The Insider" was quite historic in many levels but how things played out behind-the-scenes, it's incredible just to even fathom how this was all orchestrated.
yet he did, gratefully.
HIghly recomended for children who are fans of MMCH!
Later on, the lines are black & this halo problem lessens.
This is by far the greatest thing Disney has ever done.  
In that aspect, I was a little disappointed as I personally prefer a combination of depth with little more pop-out 3d.
Just don't be expecting a movie as good as the first in the trilogy - neither this one nor the second one can hold up.
but that is fewer parts to keep track of :-)  
She wanted more figures and these were the only ones available.  
as an englishman i should dislike Disney's Peter Pan, i love it, great animation.
great people to deal with thankyou
He especially loves the pictures on the quilt, though he tends to be fairly hot-natured and doesn't like being covered up with it.
Figures are very thick and sturdy.
The animation, while clearly of a lesser budget than Pinocchio, Snow White, Fantasia or Bambi still has moments than stun the viewer.
I love this movie and my son (yes son) who loves fish and water gets lost in the excitment as well.
My little girl just loves this doll.  
He's really not lying when he says 2 monsters got him.
Even when she wasn't being cold and callous, Richardson's attempt to make Angela likable was nothing but a failure.
I found this to be a fun little Princess game; I thought it might simply be a Princess version of the Pretty, Pretty, Princess game.  
I have a lot of plushes from various movies and TV shows that my kid loves, but this one wasn't as good as most of them are.  
Would buy again.
Kathryn Beaumont introduces.
My 2 (going on 3) year old love this set!  
The story is simple, the characters and songs are memorable.
It's one of my five favorite films of all time.
Jimmy is a funny guy.
This little stuffed animal is well made and is a perfect size for little hands.  
My husband loves these shows and especially the good actors like Fess Parker.
Really great face expression .
The story is overall OK, although it's definitely a kid's movie.
If you buy from here you will get only a dool, look in the picture of the packaged item, this is a picture of actual doll you are getting, whereas the first picture of the doll out of the box with Raja and brush are of different product.
Our grandson's been a Cars fanatic since shortly before his 4th birthday, and we've been collecting them ever since.  
In 3-D it's no less affecting, and is the first 3-D movie I've seen this year that actually looks and feels like it belongs in 3-D.  I find this ironic, as many movies that were filmed specifically for 3-D look flat in comparison to the converted "Monsters, Inc."Sully (John Goodman) is a traditional scarer, getting energy for the city of Monstropolis by scaring children.  
Walt Disney managed to produce the most memorable true life adventures, cartoons (animated features now), and several Historical features such as the legend of Davy Crockett.  
My son loved playing with it until the foot fell off and then the wings stopped retracting....
Look for popular teen idols of the time like Bobby Rydell, and Annette Funicello.  
The temperature reader works at first but my son was able to get off very easily.
I have watched this many times and find it lightens my spirit.  
It was a terrible production quality with bad acting and extremely old methods of telling a story.
Behind the Music of Brother Bear II2006 & 2013 DVD Bonus Features-
This is a classic among classics, and in Blu-ray it looks even more colorful and lovely.
Can't recommend enough.
My 8yo was also thrilled with there being so many pieces, there was a lot of different play opportunities.
When u stick the pump adapter in one of the holes, it may feel like there's someting obstructing the air flow.
She got hooked on them after playing the Palace Pets' game on our iPad.
But don't buy it for the music; only one song is half-way decent, and even then, it's not memorable.*Edit* (7/4/14): I just noticed this now.
When asked how she is to do that..
This version is still missing a very nice scene after the bomb explodes in Peter's tree.
How about the original 60 Minutes news piece?
We saw the musical together and she just HAD to have this.  
My 15 year old niece decided that she wanted to start collecting the Disney classics.
It's a glorified stuffed animal.  
Bambi's mom was a looker, so one can only assume that Bambi's dad was into other male deer.
Nor did I have a memory of ever seeing any other "Alice" production.
They took it apart and put it back together a couple of times.
Oh and Woody is signed on the underside of the hat or under the boot, I can't remember for sure, but it is signed.
Cute story and great graphics - picture quality is good for the Kindle
Once again, you won't be disappointed with this 3D version.
The day he gets out of prison he goes to the bank to open a new account and is taken hostage by Ned (Martin Short) in his poorly executed bank robbery.  
I even called Disneyland to ask if they were still being sold there, but they told me they only had the new 2nd editions.
I did return them, and ordered another set made with cotton.
Another great episode.  A43.  
Cleanup is very easy, just wipe it off.
Again, I am THRILLED with this product!
The best part of the movie was the ending, and what Lighting McQueen does during the race with the King.
I found that they did have chemistry together and they can be quite funny, especially Mike.  
My toddler loves this movie.  
I am so upset with the quality of the DVD.
Considering this was a WDT set that I knew little about, I came out of it very happy with this release and can only hope they will release the remaining episodes of both shows to complete the series(wave 10 please!).
Will do business again with seller.
Thought I was getting a good deal, had to return and get refund immediately.
This is one of the best Disney movies.  
Don't get me wrong, I enjoy many of the directors and film makers of today however they cannot stand along side of John Ford or Walt Disney in capturing the imaginations of moviegoers, especially youthful ones.  
I just can not uderstand some of very critical (and mean) reviews below -
This set was not available for quite awhile for some unknown reason.
I watched it with them, as I have many times, and it never fails to engage them.  
Purists can take it or leave; because a restored original monaural version is also offered on the disc.
My granddaughters have never watched it.
This seat is a life saver.
Great buy for the price.  
I usually read books before watching the movies.
And the medical case this one, for 14.99 on sale at Toys R us.
That the film still had alot more to say, and was then cut off.
But somehow we accept what we see.
If this movie was set in the big city I most likely would have been turned off.
I searched for a spout cover that was soft, cute, easy to put on and take off, and allowed access to the shower pull.
just keep in mind that it's not 100% accurate.
It is still a good movie.
I hadn't seen this movie in over 10 years and this set brought back many memories.
The episodes we've watched look pretty good considering the footage is quite old.  
It's a good kids movie, not very good for a Pixar film.
Still highly recommended for your Sofia the First fan!
Shipping fees will not be refunded, and you will need to pay for return shipping.
They are meant to drive and stop when supposed to without talking.
I bought the bundle which included this set and the first season as well for a very cheap price.
We could not go without it!!
This was always one of my favorites, because Flintheart Glomgold is my favorite villain in the series & I love anything with giant robots in it.  
As for the 3 bears, they are not plush, but are a rubber like material.
If you are looking for some Disney humor for your kids or grandkids (or those that are kids at heart --- like me) then this is a good purchase with 8 episodes on each of the three DVDs.
Jason certainly needed Bill Murray and the rest to succeed at all in this one.
it will envelop you with Randy Newman's amazing score and you will be literally transported to Monstropolis.
It's really cute, and is made of some type of hard plastic-type material, with a fluffy tail.  
It's nice that they're big enough to be a compact toy but not so small that you don't see them on the floor
They watched it over & over again.  
It is a little difficult to convert from Perry to Agent P, but it is sturdy.
It is made very well.
They fit on a crib-size mattress (we use them on our convertible crib - now toddler bed).
Few others rise to the quality.
Near the end I almost cried.
will have to wait for july to get volume two
One of my childhood favorites, now in great quality image and sound.
my son loves toy story and was very excited to see them but doesnt like how small they are and that they dont come with something to put them in so he doesnt lose them
While he lost his family and bravely faced the tobacco industry's lies about noncarcinogen cigarettes, he's come out smelling like a rose, very successfully and fruitfully lecturing around the country.
It's a strange fantasy world inhabited by weird creatures.
Some people want American Pie, The Hangover, or the latest Eddie Murphy movie, while others prefer gentle indie comedies such as Little Miss Sunshine.
Blu ray & DVD combo, one of my favorite Disney films Beauty And the Beast, I already had an old DVD version of this film but the disk did not upscale very well, I don't know why it didn't upscale well, whatever
We got this costume for my son to wear to Disneyland.
and I know he will love it because McQueen is his favorite ever right now!
Ted Danson's role in this movie has matured a bit, but his character is still that same flighty, easy going actor looking for jobs.
He essentially sounds like Sean Connery as a duck!  
It is exactly what she wanted as one of her birthday gifts and fits in with her other dolls in her collection.
Love this movie and so did my children when they were young.  
I really like this movie.
this dvd is for you-
Purchased the peel and sticks along with this hamper.
This is exactly the reason Amazon needs a two-rating system.
It's a little pricey, but you're getting 3 different formats so that makes it worth it to us!
You have to have it!
My 4 yr old niece adores him.
love the setting, the progression from outsider, to part of the group.
The neck is a stiff, but slightly flexible material to hold the thin neck and head up.  
And the fact that Disneyland was able to duplicate it into real life for the theme park is amazing!
that is sucha gem of my chlid's collection and she plays with it all the time, and when it is on display it looks like million bucks.
My 4 year old niece loved it
It's extremely entertaining and comes across real enough that you can easily lose yourself in the fantasy.
Great for cutouts for grandkids who love Mickey:  toast, pancakes, etc.  
She wanted to play with it right away.  
Acting was decent too.
The "monsters" are all loveable.
Any girl will love this to play pretend.
Instead of having strands of hair that fall out all over this dolls has velour type hair, very soft.  
I highly recommend this to all Disney fans, as this is one that will not last long and it goes on the market in a little more than a week.!*I received a copy for review - all opinions are my own*
I would recommend this system of buying to anyone.
However, if you don't compare the two, this DVD is very enjoyable.
They are not the full version that were shown in the old days so all the stories seemed a bit rushed.
but it's pretty weak.
This is a sweet and funny film about, Lucas (Nick Nolte), a convict who's spend five years in prison for robberies.  
My family loves this movie.
we have halloweentown one and two also, all are good!
There are 2 things about this set that I don't like: the first is not a big deal, but the Jessie figurine is not balanced right,
mickey mouce waffles - yes please.
Still, it was great to watch the film and see the way the beast softened his heart and eventually let Belle go, but she came back.  
My twin six-year-old girls love everyting Disney Princess, they love board games
The image of my memory was solid, luminous and almost three dimensional.  
but it still gets 5/5 for it being Madeline!
They are getting more in stock.  
I was very dissapointed to get only a doll.
The repartee between The Beast and Belle is actually believable and adds a layer of reality to the proceedings.  
Yet, for an older child (I purchased this for my 9 year-old daughter), it offers many different positions to place Pocahontas in to replicate scenes from the movie.
Some of the extras include filmmakers' discussions, outtakes and deleted scenes, theatrical shorts, aquariums, and much more!
and it's so soft now
The Tigger MovieIV.
The episodes involving Green Goblin were fantastic, especially "The Goblin War."
The March of the Cards, with its memorable music, is a tour-de-force of animation, especially the startling end.
He loves! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! !!! :)
The sequence does show picture-in-picture while the film is playing on one side you get to watch this special feature on the other side.  
The 3 bear brothers that comes with her are great-they are plastic/rubber and their heads turn.
The fact that it lost the Best Picture Oscar to Silence of the Lambs (a sick, disturbing mess) still convinces me of the imbecility of the Academy.
pixar animation studios another amazing movie amazing 3d effects and sound clarity awesome animation.
yes I would reccomend this tarzan  movie any day take care kristen
No artifacts, edge enhacedement and other issues are encountered in the picture.
You live and learn.
And there's even a Chip 'n' Dale Cartoon included in the set.  
It's really a magical sort of gift for a little one who is taken with Rapunzel and the movie "Tangled".
The Even Stevens Movie is perfect for kids and parents alike!
It wasn't horrible it just wasn't my favorite.
I thought the scene on the lawn with the two of them, sort of awkwardly standing outside the party, after Wigand has given his testimony, was brilliant.  
The cast is also exceptional, with Fiennes charming the pants off the audience and John Turturro delivering a remarkably layered performance as the jilted Herbie Stempel.  
Now we can relive those memories with the fantastic Blu-ray edition of this classic as never seen before.
If they are 6 or above, I see no problem with them watching this.4 stars or an 8/10.
We purchase lambie, stuffy, and doc mcstuffins.
As long as this is new, it's what he wanted.
This Timeless Cartoon Collection brings back memories from earlier times when it was a lot of Fun to watch and still it is now.
The characters are not stupid.
******
Princess and this movie is no exception.
There are some new twist to Jack's adventures.
This is my favorite of the non-cartoon Disney Movies!
I like it  and I laugh a lot.
I didn't find her character interesting as the movies continued.
Unlike some of the other cars, he hasn't had any issues (Philmore lost his side mirrors, Guido lost his forks).
Toy Story 'things' just seem so over priced generally, so it's hard to turn down something with a good price.
You're not?
I like it too
Bambi is heartbroken and all alone until a buck comes to take and care for him.
My oldest daughter is obsessed with Jasmine and loved that she could have Aladdin as well.  
I remember when I was about six years-old and my mom took me and my siblings to see Alice in Winderland at the theater.  
This was a favorite toy for our 3 year old on Christmas who loves cars 2  and monster trucks!
Great product otherwise.
One of the better ones that isn't about a princess if you ask me.
some hilarious moments involving an overzealous chef and our friendly crab
Loved the action it provided.  
The Gold edition is the way to go for now as it looks very good considering and has some bonus material..
Both series were quality shows.  
As for this movie our kids love the storyline of Peter, Hook, and, for whatever reason, the crocodile.  
Good price for a used video.
If you have never heard of the Hitchhiker's Guide To the Galaxy, you're missing out on one of the best inergallactic experiences ever!  
Cute for the novelty but not for what a child actually wants!
anyway, I recommend
She pretends to shoot the "bear" and sends the arrows off into the couch.
GREAT price, nice quality.
She's a huge Minnie fan and just loves it.
It is just a really fun, family movie.
It is a near-masterpiece.
They grew feeling for each other, but didn't know how to tell each other.
For a basic plot summary, this movie focuses on Jeffrey Wigand (Russell Crowe), a former "Big Tobacco" scientist who must decide whether to keep the trade secrets, or blow the whistle on the most powerful business entity in the U.S.  
I think some little children might find some scenes (the wolves, for instance) a tad bit frightening (as I know I used to).  
Please don't think that the reason I gave this only 1 star was because I didn't like this movie.  
The younger generation will thoroughly enjoy, and probably die laughing at how little was required back in those ancient times to keep the populace content and entertained.
Based on what I observed it's made of high quality materials put together well.  
They don't really add anything.
We purchased this doll at Disney World this past October after we had already bought the Tolly Tots Rapnuzel doll so we ended up giving our toddler 2 different Rapunzels for Christmas that cost about the same (our Tolly Tots version came with a dress up dress).  
I bought this years ago in VHS and of course, later on DVD.
a bit dramatic of course, and my son is scared of Ursula and won't watch it anymore, but he'll outgrow it.
Subtitled for the deaf in English.
DISC 2:* Enchanted Musical Challenge Game - Find objects that were scattered around the Beast's castle.  
Strangely, it somehow delivers an edict addressing overprotective parents who won't give their children room to grow on their own.
I figured maybe it was just a fluke, my kid's 3, and toys break occasionally, so I purchased some plastic epoxy and glued his (now unmovable) knee joint back together.
I don't know about you, but cake means to me--abundance, indulgence, excess, and if it is offered at a party it should be large and plentiful so that guests can eat as much as they desire.  
great movie for blowing steam
Treasure is very small, standing at less than 3 inches tall at her highest point (with her tiara off.  
And it doesn't stop there, there is also LFE present as well.
That's not a great range here out of Banderas whom did better work in Desperado.
He works for Miles Axlerod, who organized the 3-country World Grand Prix race to show off the renewable, clean-burning "Allinol" fuel he developed.  
So, as this film has resonated so strongly for my family, I'm sure it's a film that many other families will love.  
As close to insanity as the studio ever got in its feature animation.
The voice acting, story, and imaginative world are captivating.
The scenes are cute and young children enjoy this classic.
When it premiered in 2006, Cars was met with some lukewarm response from critics.
If your child loves Doc and Lambie, and you can find on sale, then surely its worth something.
The price on Amazon when I purchased it was the best online.  
A little bit pricy, but I think you can find it less expensive on the other sites.
New option on Blu-ray and DVD:English Descriptive Audio Service2012 Blu-ray Bonus Features*
There is a certain epic quality around Beauty and the Beast.
This film came along at a very special time in my son's life.  
We watched the movie and my daughter fell in love with "China".
The story line is disjointed and confusing.  
I can't think of any way to emphasize how great the blu ray conversion is.
I'm so glad I did.
I read some people don't really like this movie.
This seller was extremely understanding and helpful and I would use them again without hesitation.
"At World's End" takes the series in an even more dramatic direction with some really emotional scenes.
From there he hooks up with North men (and some of actors are from Scandinavia) on a quest to rid a small village of a terrible evil.  
Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs had been nominated for an Oscar for its score, and earned Walt Disney an Honorary Academy Award.
"Much Do About Scrooge" has an annoying salesman who goes with Scrooge and the boys to an island where Shakespeare has a lost book that wasn't published.
Plus, I love this movie because the Prince isn't just a figure, he is actually a character in this one.
We have had some pieces break off, but nothing we haven't been able to fix with super glue.  
Ironically Cars was also the sole Pixar film I had not seen.
Everything didn't have to end up all peaches and cream happy, but, bottom line is, at least to me, the movie needed more closure.
I loved this as a kid!
The color, likable characters including the animals, and the wickedly evil ---- make for a captivating storyline.
I have seen these movies before.
The movie itself is less then a thousand words and in any scene there is not that much dialogue.
This is a great movie, has  lots of cute sea creatures.
My son has a classic pooh nursery so I thought this would be perfect in there.  
Gaston also suffers from this, especially his face.
It's a must have and it will get you addicted and you will be wanting more and more of this series.  
This is a classic.
we enjoyed the movie with "monster juice" and made our own playdoh monster creations... think beyond the TV "box" ;o)
He matures into a young stag and becomes smitten with a beautiful adult version of his childhood friend Faline, and albeit Bambi, Faline, and Bambi's majestic father are faced with the obstacle of a wildfire, he manages to flee to safety and fathers twins the following year.
It has a higher goal in mind, taking on the question of a civilized society and the ethical sacrifices it must make to be productive.  
Since this is a fantasy of the highest order, I am able to forgive the film of some its questions (such as how the Blue Fairy delivers the letter explaining where Geppetto, Figaro, and Cleo are).As much as Pinocchio is about avoiding temptations and doing the right thing, it is also about second chances: time and time again, Pinocchio does wrong and is chastised for it.
Would it really kill them?
the product was in excellent condition including the box and the DVD.
This is a keeper for generations to come!
The entire Pleasure Island section is a nightmare of childish self indulgence which features among other things children smoking cigars.
Along the rivers of present-day Russia, he encounters Norse traders observing the death of a chieftain.
It seems Pixar can do no wrong.  
The old plastic one we had wasn't working very well anymore.  
They are kind of pricey for the quality.
Put you child in front of the screen and go do what ever you need to do.
The features include some never before seen deleted scenes/songs in storyboard form but still very interesting the rest are mostly carried over from the dvd releases and it also includes mini games whenever you pause the film which is something I have not seen before and might be fun for the young ones very cool.
My neice love it.
Animation is lovely, and the kids will love it of course!
This is a great start for a young toddler to dress herself with the 2 pieces.
My son loves Buzz Lightyear, but we only had this product for less than a week and the wings broke.  
I spoke with the Disney technicians.
Will buy from seller again.
Appropriately a cult classic among Rangerphiles, this is also Gadget's best episode.  A+23.
It's not terrible, but Pete's foot separated from the base from just pulling it out of the packaging.  
The songs are wonderful and the art in the movies are absolutely stunning.  
Death is hard to let a kid on that watch is Disney movie I feal trommatized for life because of this classic Disney Masterpiece.
If only it were that easy in real life, but it isn't.  
The movie begins with Bambi and his mother going to the meadow.
The atmosphere is too heavy, kind of along the same problems of "The Fox and the Hound."  
I was pleased with the service.
I know this doesn't help much as I was first told I would get this more than 2 weeks ago
It always keeps you wanting to see the next episode.
Avoid this like a Pan Galactic gargle Blaster unless you love torture or are unfamiliar with teh BBC TV series.
Upon receiving this 3 disc set, the main blue-ray dvd disc of the feature movie is missing!
I would buy again.
I think Disney probably rushed the production to get them out on time for the movie and Christmas.
I must admit that the lack of a major parental figure dying also is quite appealing as that seems to happen so often in Disney films.
As far as Pixar is concerned, they are sort of modern day geniuses.  
Simply said, this is a must get.
I'll watch it again.
Great family movie and was a big hit at granddaughter's birthday!
Kim Possible: The Villain Files is a Disney DVD compilation of four episodes of the classic Disney Channel animated action-comedy series.
The 2 best things as a mom is that it has an on/off switch and a VOLUME control.  
compare this to the smaller, more expensive squirt plush doll.
Still, it is an expertly rendered adaptation.
For costing as much as it did, it sure is a cheap toy.  
Needed more cars for the dual launcher set, which only came with one car.  
Ignoring the fact that the writer doesn't know what "restored" means, this statement suggests that Disney management isn't worried whether the home-video editions accurately present the way the film originally looked.
While enjoying the quality family entertainment and remembering back when I was young... watching the series on TV with my Mom & Dad.  
The major differences are it is narrated by Edgar Bergen and has Goofy and Donald Duck and the three of the rescue the Golden Harp that was stolen by Willie the Giant.
We saw this movie many years ago with my oldest daughter when she was 4. Has been one of our favorites.
I never thought that would happen.
I was so surprised to be able to see this movie so much more clearly in blu ray.  
I got this movie at Traget(something like 40 minutes ago).
I couldn't find a bath mat to go on the tub floor because my tub is textured and nothing would suction, and I am not allowed to apply those non-slip appliques.  
Again, Belle's hair is light brown instead of dark, the ballroom is too yellowish, even the stars in the ballroom sequence don't sparkle as they do in the original.
She's always had a thing for fish, so can see why.
We wanted to get our daughter all the princesses to play with the house.
It's funny, exciting, and well rounded.
Usually, it's precisely those instants off the beaten path that Pixar absolutely swallows up, enveloping the screen with tiny jokes, dazzling visual wizardry and deep, circumstantial character development.
She loves the show and is  collecting all the stuff dolls.
[someone snuck a video camera into a theater and recorded the movie].
The pair didn't really have much chemistry to me either.
This is so much better than I anticipated.
Well written and better acted.
Ariel's hair is long and thick and my daughter loves to brush it.
Created in 1953, 27 years before I was born, I loved it when I was 5, when I was 20 and now at 33 I love it still.
Can't believe how this is getting more and more interesting= can't wait for season three= this is timeless- can watch at any year.
Nighy and several other members of the cast manage to act while made to appear half man, half marine creature (in Davy Jones' case he is half octopus.)
Great price for a combo pack.
If the witch was included there would be options for conflict, resolution and intrigue.
The soundtrack is not totally immersive, but there is good use of the surround channels during the action portions of the film.  
Really cute and a bit pricey.
She is 2.5, and this is the first puzzle that she did it all by herself.
It arrived in a timely manner and it's soft, cute, and will likely be our daughter's constant companion for the next few months.  
This movie is a great gift for that younger sibling who remembers disney channel.
I simply want to conclude that I enjoyed both heartily and own both DVDS, and that both are highly accomplished animated features.
Have not owned it since it was on VHS so of corse the picture quality was a million times better.  
Good clear copy.  
The first one lasted for about six months before his feet fell off and then his legs.
It's cute and durable.  
My daughter loves the flashing lights & sounds this makes.
The romance will not and can not last... but instead just vanishes......
Seems like a great idea.
Grandaughter loves them all!
Just as good now as it was when I was a kid!
I would not of purchased this had I known.  
The quality is great, and it was a perfect birthday present.
Its hillarious and fun!
We love this movie.  
What I never realized was how much history was taught through these TV shows.  
It was also nice to see both the original film, and the intended, longer version with extra music.  
I highly recommend giving them a chance, your children will love it.
Entertaining... clean... and Julie Andrews.  
3yo daughter loves this although I have to watch it with her  because "Sharks are scary" lol
Everyone knows the story and I am sure most people who are purchasing this have already seen the movie so I won't be discussing the movie.  
I lose interest in cartoons in the 1950's, when, due to the expense, backgrounds become just blocks of color and line drawings.
All of the voice actors were great and spot-on.  
but I want to point out, I am in no way stating this to discourage parents from getting this for your little Doc Fan, it's a wonderful and positive toy for girls and boys and I would recommend it for anyone.
The second movie didn't have many speaking parts for goofy, donald, and mickey.
I always enjoyed watching Peter Pan as a kid growing up and now me and my son can watch it together.  
love the story, the characters and the animation is beautiful.
It combined dress-up with Princesses -- two of her favorite things.
and she comes with her bow and arrow.
As a film, it's a true gem in the Disney vault.  
The way Disney made movies.  
I thought it was too good to be true!
To quote Leonard Maltin describing "Peter Pan," "it's a film in which everything clicks."
Because of their small size, they are very convenient for travel.
If you already have earlier editions of this film and you are not obsessed with it then the Blu - Ray disk does not add that much.  
There's barely a trace of it to be found, and that's a singular lack for which the film does nothing to compensate.
That's another great thing in this series.
Gadget Goes Hawaiian - While the Rangers vacation in Hawaii, Gadget meets Louwhiney, who looks just like her.
Anne Hathaway isjust so funny as the klutzy, but pretty Princess Mia,and Julie Andrews is charming as usual as her grandmotherthe Queen.  
My 2.5 year old daughter loves this puzzle.
Great double feature from Disney with a great picture and sound quality on both films.
I had looked at the Mattel version of Queen Helinor (that's how they say her name in the movie) and there is no comparison.
There really are so many ways to tell a story, so many different things you can emphasize, so many characterizations you can change while retaining the essence of a story.
You can't go wrong with Disney Pixar!
Grandma as learned a serious lesson!
It's a cute, funny, clean, and well animated series that always has a good story for each episode.  
Great size and detail now she ask for the movie more often not bad at all for the price.
I didn't think this was as cute of a movie or as interesting as some of the other pooh movies.
It is a clssic!!
Not a classic by any means but it is still a fun movie that is enjoyable and teaches good lessons.
My kids enjoyed this movie very muchl
My 4 year old was very excited about it, and still plays with it from time to time.
In this one, Anne Hathaway has returned to the kingdom of Genovia after completing college (where she studied international politics) to learn how to be a queen from her grandmother/queen, again played by Julia Andrews.
Maybe, that's the genius behind this movie.
You won't be disappointed.
The little ones, 12 and younger will love it.  
I purchased to replace my old vhs that my daughter wore out a child.
I will be getting the other seasons as they are such a great price.
I bought multiple dolls.  
How can you not love this?  
It is exactly what I was hoping for.
I am writing this so long after my purchase but I know my granddaughterloved it.  
I would run to see "Three Men and a Young Bride"  - it's about time for Mary to Marry!  
I highly recommend this for kids and parents alike!
The result is the Prouds gets involved in many hilarious situations.
We did not even open the package and will return it.
I also love the classic mickey.
This is a great film and one that I'd rank with some of my favorite live action car films.
If it had furthered the plot in some way, I wouldn't have cared so much.
Magnificent visually and the 3D is a compliment to the artistry of the creators.
Bill Murray was excellent in the movie.
The first movie was fun, but so so.
The fact that Tink is in it is a bonus for her.
Glad to have been able to get it on Amazon!
The prince is turned into a beast and his staff become the household objects they used in their daily chores.
I know the show featured many different things, but above all it showed that Disneyland was the place to be!The third release in Wave one is a two disc set that features two vintage programs on each disc and some interesting extras hosted by Leonard Maltin.
Great purchase and little guy loves it!
The new Disney films are not made the same way.
I'm a little confused.  
The songs are all memorable in the best Disney tradition but the score, in my opinion, is one of the best ever by Disney.
This is a great cartoon and it holds the attention of both young and older children.  
That gave it a good deal of improvement in clarity but at a slight loss to the surround effects.
I paid 40.00 at Target.
I'd highly recommend this movie to anyone with either a 2, 3 or 4 year old child.
vern troyer a.k.a.
I love how much sacrifice can be put through for TRUE LOVE.
Painting the Roses Red Game - A remote control driven game in which you must paint the roses red (try to get color combination of 9 roses and make them all red).
Two for the price of one!  
A very good, enjoyable film.
This movie is an absolute masterpiece, and it looks great in HD Blu-ray format.
Given the importance of audio on the blu-ray format (and frankly, to Disney Animation), unless someone can provide a good reason for defaulting to lossy, stereo, Dolby Digital, i'm docking this otherwise beautiful transfer 2 stars.
Calendar Girls turns out to be the hit of the year!
(USA, 1942, color, 70 min plus additional materials).Reviewed exclusively by Eric Gonzalez on February 28, 2011.
Downside is the small pieces, and Stuffy's horn broke off w/in about a week of playing with it.
Our little boy does not seem to mind at all, and he really likes that they can all stand up & "talk" to eachother.
Both are great choices, but the 2.0 is probably more for film buffs who prefer to hear the movie to sound as much as it did on its original release.
This is full of the little touches that make Disney stories so fine for both children and adults, like jokes that mean one thing to the kid and quite another to the adult.
Technology is great.
I have a hard time equating how the company considers itself 'family friendly' but prices it's products (theme park tickets, DVD's, etc.)
This toy falls apart every single day.
The opening of the movie was interesting enough, however how he managed to get lost and the damage he didn't wasn't realistic and that turned me off a little, but not enough to turn the movie off.
Why would they release only part of this series?!
Lucky for me, Amazon has a great return policy!
Quirky, charming, and hilarious.  
Bambi was never one of my favorite movies growing up.
Anderson's first and equally great film)and The Darjeeling Limited already,
This should not be passed off as just a "chick flick," itself an insulting term, but rather a heart-warming and funny slice of life.
The Swamp Fox is located on disc 2, While I had never heard of either of these shows, I found them both fun to watch and full of 50's action.
I bought this for my grandson's Toy Story collection.  
Will buy again from this seller.  
it's not one masterpiece like THE LION KING or FANTASIA, but is a good film!!
The film's spiritualistic aspects are enhanced by composer Mark Isham's plaintiff melodies for synthesizer and woodwinds.
Received this great film at the right price and ahead of anticipated delivery date.  
Another must-have for your little Princess.
I love this movie, it's a classic.
NoneBonus Material* Alice In Wonderland Trivia Game*
So Buzz and his leg hung around for about a month, until my son stopped caring about the leg.
No questionable language, innuendo at all for parents to worry about.
Oh what a movie.
Watched this show on tv as a child... loved it then and love it now.
Having seen this movie in my youth, I was thrilled with the opportunity to share it with my granddaughter.
Having covered such topics as living toys, the day in the life of a bug, and blue-collar trials and tribulations of the average working monster, Finding Nemo represented a departure from land-based set computer wizardry to oceanic exploits of the grandest scale.
They should have stuck with Tarzan trying to earn his family's respect instead of the torn between two love stories.
I think it's a fun addition to your Christmas Video Library.
Living abroad, I can tell you that it does not have as large an appeal to foreign audiences.
If you like Dick Van Dyke and his TV show then you will like this movie.  
i like it because im so so into halloween especially this movie it is so cool.
Overall I very much enjoyed it.
What else could you want in a movie.  
This UNSUCCESSFUL film has a "making of" extra.  
Cinderella looks natural.
The hair band will only stay in place if you wrap the clear plastic band around the ends of it & secure it to her head.  
I bought this for my 3 year old for Christmas and it is great.
Now my children love it.  
The sheets are soft, too!
Cars is a movie about a race car who wants to win races, make it big, and who gets sidetracked for just long enough for him to realize what is most important in life.  
In The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, we meet Arthur Dent, a rather ordinary human that lives in a rather ordinary town, that wakes up one Thursday morning to find his home is about to be destroyed to make way for a bypass.
And in the case of "Peter Pan: Diamond Edition" on Blu-ray, it's the definitive version of the film to own!  
If you haven't seen this movie, you should buy it.
Lo, they do call to me.
Starting to show a bit of wear after a year of showers and being kicked out of the way by me but that is to be expected...  
Outfit - amazing, highest quality fabrics,amazing detailing, top of the bodice and the pants are finished with golden edging.
This movie is entertaining and thought provoking, it is amazing to see how much he goes through after deciding to become a whistle blower.
The small bear, Koda, NOT even close to Thumper, otherwise called a beloved Disney character.
Of course it's not going to be the best film ever made, but what more do you want from a family comedy than silly jokes, a BIG goofy kid, teen angst, a goof-it-up dad, and weird science tricks?  
I have a huge screen in my theater so it wasn't too bad, but I could see where this would be irritating to most home viewers.
The sound on the disc is wonderful as well.
Her father admonishes her to not go to the surface or anything, and he does so because he wants his daughters to be safe.
I ordered this for my grandkids to watch and they really love it.lives up to disney movies.charles martin smith plays a great role in this movie.
The pockets were also handy because we had no ledge to put the shower gel/shampoo for her.  
Has sections to hold bath supplies and has a thermometer on the bottom.
well that's all I hope my review was helpful.
She carries it everywhere, even during her sleep due to it's soft texture.
I like it, but I have a saltwater reef aquarium and I'm a big Pixar fan, so it's to be expected.
He keeps saying he is a good guy in the movie since he thinks Finn McMissile keeps bullying Professor Z.
Good, fun entertainment, although the first two seasons are really the only two worth investing in.
THIS OUT ON BLUERAY?
Kudos to Walt Disney Pictures for making yet another classic novel accessible for kids.
Excellent Classic another favorite in our house.
There are going to be people out there, not just in the entertainment or music industry, but out there in general who will want to change who you are for their own personal gain.
I was lucky enough to have purchased ours at BJ's Wholesale when they were on sale for $5.00 each, and as a parent, I don't think they are worth much more than that!
These have been breaking with normal play since the package was opened, maybe if I had wanted them to remain in plastic on a shelf, but as they are, half have been thrown out already because the cheap plastic and weak joints just don't hold up to much.
One of the prettiest dolls I have seen in a long time.
It does the job, and it matches the inflatable tub we have.  :)
I only wish we had another sequel to look forward to!
All of the special features are well produced and well chosen.
I like that it doesn't have the plastic face, like other stuffed Tinker Bell dolls have, and it's not as chunky as the baby Tinker Bell dolls, so it is easier for little hands to hold on to.  
and turning into a dragon, or any other Disney adult situations, they won't be scared of anything in this video.
Maybe not 2 year olds, mine didn't particularly care for it, but im sure at some point he will, when we have the nothing is in your closet talk for the fortieth time.
Thanks for reading and have a nice day!
They're fun in the tub as well.
I noticed a shadow at the bottom and noticed it was mold.
No lost hat!I am allergic to the whole wide world, and have sensitivity to plastics.
It seems to be saying that it's ok to break the rules and if you're caught, ok to run away from home and break even more rules....
High quality and great price on Amazon at the time I purchased (prices fluctuate).  
THIS A MOVIE ALL CHILDREN AND ADULTS CAN ENJOY AND LOVE FOR MANY YEARS TO COME.  
Deleted Song: "Silence is Golden" (Song Demo)*
They are pure entertainment and education.
it is a family movie and truly inpsiring story of making choices in Pinocchio!
And there is this stupid Shaft getup going on with a very, very expensive automobile for somebody who is supposed to be broke.
beauty and the beast is one of those disney classics that you must have.
so the day my 10 year old son watched it with 5 year old son my 5 year old son hated it it was for them to share
Kids they say the darnest thing.
It worked wonderfully as a quick method of recording our daily surprises for a busy, working mom... and it's become it's own little keepsake, too.
I loved this movie when I first saw it in the theater and I am thrilled to be able to watch it at home at will.  
We watched it last night and were both moved and disturbed by the power of the story and the acting.
This is a charming movie that the kids will love.
Prior to the release of Alias, Who Wants to Be a Millionaire, which had previously been ABC's cash cow, was in decline and ABC had relied too heavily on its popularity.
It came in exactly when it said it would and the packaging was fine.
From Belle's perspective, it tells us that you can't always judge someone on first meeting them...no matter how gruff they might appear.
The plastic seems a bit cheap and doesn't really stick onto the side of the bathtub.  
This is one of my all time favorite movies from when I was a kid.
Kids love the characters.
Gaston & Le Foug.
My daughter was initially excited with this purchase, then quickly disappointed.  
He loved it.  
It looks like they will break loose any moment.  
Extremely boring movie - fast forwarded and then just stopped it - but did give it a chance.
I put this one right up there with Baby Mozart!!
When released to VHS in 1990, it sold an estimated 7 million copies in it's first month and became the best selling video of 1990.
Such a great movie!
YAY!!!!!!!  
My 2 year old son loves the movie nemo.
These are AMAZING!!
Both my nephews love this and watch it frequently; they are 3 and 2.
The normal blu-ray print looks very good as well.
A bit pricey for what you get, but the wand works fine, the tiara fits fine and my grandaughter loves it.
I think the cinderella story recap was put in this video to promote the Special Edition that was released sometime that year.
I haven't seen this is years but now I have a kid and thought it was time to rent it.  
"Beauty and the Beast", beautifully sung by Angela Lansbury, gives me goosebumps to this day (as indeed does the whole ballroom scene).
he wanted this talking pull toy.
I hope she will notice the difference!
It breaks my heart becase my daughter desperately wants it, but I can't pay 5 times retail for something that will eventually be in abundance.  
All in all You cant go wrong if tim allen is in the show.
Bought along with this,Fisher-Price Disney's Jake and The Never Land Pirates Hook's Jolly Roger Pirate Shipand most of the characters fit ok.
its even better now
Numerous movies have brought these events to life, particularly about WW2.
She's smart, beautiful (both inner and outer), compassionate
The Cage:  Goliath goes to extreme lengths to help Elisa's brother and the other Mutates, even kidnapping Sevarius to force him to make a cure.  
However, even the licensed, official, Disney Buzz Lightyear directly from the Disney store, fell apart.
They have been watching through the series and have enjoyed it.  
This is a labor of love in all respects: animation, music, the use of silence (at least, no dialogue), etc.  
I bought all of the series I would recommend for a family movie night in October.
This was a gift for my 2 1/2 year old for a successful run at potty training (along with a Woody action figure).
I love this movie.  
The shoe looks just like the picture, what you see is what you get.
I'll probably go for the Blu-Ray version instead.
GEEKY, I know but let's face it if you are even reading this and thinking of buying this hat then you are right there with me.
The animation is great, the songs are awesome (the biggest failing of Aladdin for me was its soundtrack; it was definitely good but the only real standout for me was Never Had A Fiend
Mike Waslowski (Billy Crystal) and James P. ("Sully") Sullivan (Goodman) move easily through this world.
The reluctant warrior.
I AM REALLY HAPPY AND IMPRESSED AS THIS WAS FOR CHRISTMAS
There is a lot that they could do with such a good set-up.
I like it and my sisters kids love this movie.
Watch it you won't be disappointed.
Beautifully crafted animation.  
It's a lot flatter and lacks the three-dimensional appearance of modern Disney movies such as Bolt or the Pixar titles.
It's well worth the price.
Little Mermaid: Diamond Edition [Blu-ray] is a classic Disney that must be in any ones library.
Detailed leather like archerie sleeve and lovely cloak.
My daughter LOVES him and wants the girl one now.
go for a different "toy story" toy, skip this one by.hope this review helps!
If you love Disney this is a must have!!!
Funny story that kept my little one occupied while I worked.
He was so perfect that I did not want to put him in a box to be wrapped for my sons birthday.
The sheets are comfy and soft, and the design is cute.
"Raiders of the Lost Harp" has a magical greek harp taken by Scrooge thus a giant minotaur statue comes to life to search for it, "The Right Duck" has everyone's favorite idiot pilot Launchpad going into space with Doofus on the planet
Disneyland USA from the Walt Disney Treasures series is truly a 'must have'.  
When the big fish is chasing the little mermaid, she screams with excitement & delight, she claps her hands & bounces on her bottom.
The morality of CARS is convoluted and unclear, and certainly much more complicated than it should be for a film supposedly directed at children.
It easily holds its own with the Big Five, and is one of the high points of post-War animation.
She watches it non stop.
We're considering getting her a "Stuffy" soon because this one is a hit!
my 16 year old ordered this a while back and is still watching it today this is one of her favorite movies
Stromboli the  puppet-master lived up to his name as the thundering conniving man who had enslaved Pinocchio into his service, and the chubby, cheerful, Coachman was a truly terrifying being that used the power of an island to turn bad boys into donkeys for profit, a clear warning that the face of evil isn't always an unpleasant one.
Through these stories you will get glimpses into Japanese domestic life and Japanese society.
Click on `See all my reviews' for the lowdown on other 3Ds
My nephew loves Cars the movie so of course he wanted a Lightning McQueen for Christmas and now he sleeps with it and takes it everywhere!
She tends to watch things over and over!
Has alot of pages and lines to put alot of information and memories of your little one.
I have read a number of books on leadership this year.
I have even had to wash some of the items a few times and they are still going.  
Do yourself a favor, rent it then just sit back and enjoy.  
Deleted Song - (2:22) The Pirate SongNever Land: The Lost Song - (2:39) Richard M. Sherman talks about this lost song.
What a great movie to show your friends and family.
My favorite animated Disney movies of all time are Fantasia, Beauty and the Beast, and this movie.  
Yes they're a bit pricey but they're for the guest bathroom and very very decorative.  
My 2 year old loves Pascal and loves this stuffed animal.
Parents should plan to play along and be the de-coder for them.
and I was in a hurry!
Highly recommend it to all the fans of Disney in general and of the 1980s-1990s Disney work in particular.
One of the puzzles was in really bad shape.
Most familiar of course is the telling of the Alice story in film, with live action, animation, and various combinations of both.
Thank you Mr. Disney.
so I ordered a little traveling potty as well.
Doc McStuffins products are hard to find in stores and online, so this was a great choice for us.
This DVD contains a documentary featuring two of 'The 9 Old Men" who brought so much magic to Disney and were the talent behind the genius Walt Disney.
She is a big Cars "nut" and has watched this movie over and over.  
im a single father of my 4 yr old destiny and ive already seen movie with/out blu ray alone
i bought and return at least 4 toddler bedding set before this one, nothings compare to this... is very soft, BEAUTIFUL, my son went crazy for it, I love it, washed great, came faster than promise, looks expencive, is toddler bedding PERFECTION!
My only suggestion is to have some tape on hand to reinforce the sides so it can be reused.
The two movies included here are just as I remembered them to be--I was taken back to a simpler time and thoroughly entertained ONCE MORE...the rich locations, costumes, authentic regional dialog and mannerisms further the realism Mr. Disney hoped to portray; the battle scenes seem almost tepid by today's graphic display of blood/guts/profanity that "modern" films include;
I have love alice in wonderland since I was a little girl, my mom actually told me she should have named me alice.
They do an excellent job of packaging these classics.  
And of course animals with human attributes in any story is compelling.
Great toy for the price you play.
I bought this for my 4 year old grandson and he loves playing with this and likes to act like he is sheriff
Every child should have this in their collection.
Between the vast array of budget-busting concepts, characters and settings, the niche-settled sense of humor (granted, it's a rather large niche, but a niche all the same) and Douglas Adams's inimitably flirty, hilarious knack for description, it's a wonder this was even filmed because it seems so perfectly suited to a non-visual medium.
Give this one a chance; you'll be glad you did!
My daughter loves Toy Story 3 & carries all of these in a little box.
The first movie is only very loosely based on the novel and this film is not based on any of the novels at all.
A good movie with some limitations and cute (funny) places.
Lambie is exactly as described and looks exactly as pictured.  
This film remains an odd mixture of excessive cuteness/silliness (Flower, et cetera), awesome beauty, and coldblooded realism.  
In the winter I can add in a fleece blanket, which I'd probably do anyway.
There is plenty of time to be serious - everyone can use a break from that now and then.
My son loves this set.  
On their first date Michael asks Sydney if she wants to take advantage of a room key.
Sweet story for children and adults alike.  
It's a commendable effort that does an awful lot
It is a shame it didn't win theAcademy award for best movie, but some other movie won.  
Anyway, just get it already!
so glad I was able to find this item on Amazon.
You learn what it was like to have your dad work for Disney.
John Goodman and Billy Crystal deliver with their voices better performances than many actors can deliver when acting themselves in films.
It is a little difficult for a three year old to transform Perry back and forth from platypus to secret agent, but after doing it with him a few times in a row, he was very proud he could do it on his own!
Disney / Pixarss Monster University and Disney / Pixars Planes.
Maybe the transfer is just so high-detail it's showing the film's flaws.
All eyes look to Ahmed, the only stranger there!
It's a good care free story based on the classic novels and all ages can enjoy.
Or why you let your little girls watch this stuff.
Just for my opinion, I thought the Jasmine story was interesting in a way how there were many themes of "the Tree of Life" and the "Garden of Eden" like an anime plot sorta, including the villain: Mirage and her base, and especially the ending where it states that Fasir had some past with her that might have been good for a season finale, hinting reasons why they couldn't be together (oops, spoiler much?).
I may be able to use model glue to get it back together but it should last for more than a few days.
The concept of the game is also fun too.
Very disappointing for my 3 year old.
I took this out of the Disney rotation.  
my daughter loved the doll and enjoys playing with it.
She's still boxed for now.
A totaly diferent take and style from other Studio Ghibli productions.  
I've never been interested in the world of racing but when I saw Cars in theaters, I realize it was not only for racing fans.
I remember watching this with my own children and how much fun they had when they were young...which is the BIGGEST reason I ordered it!  
oh i am tommys wife
She now has the complete collection of the Little Mermaid and now on to the other princess movies
Having grown up with Classic Tarzan, the Disney version is more kid-friendly, especially with Tarzan's ape family.  
And, as the name implies, Nemo's dad spends a lot of time looking for him.
You will eventually have kids or know someone that is visiting with them and what kid doesnt like the Disney classics.
The only down fall, the picture on the box is not the picture on the puzzle, so there isn't a good reference.
A good way to keep ur wife or daughter happy if they're in love with 'Jonny'.
I want to buy one pretty badly, but, not for 111.00 no thanks.
There is very little they have changed in the movie itself.
This is a great Full Length Animation by Studio Ghibli.
My second favourite Pixar movie after UP.
It was flat out irritating.
Ariel's "true love" boy crush (and for that matter, Eric's "true love" girl crush)?
I know that the sequel has been released but I haven't seen it yet.
She would fly off shelves if she had on a bathing suit only and no shoes.
Buy it while you can.
"Monsters, Inc." is a show for the man-child in all of us, who secretly suspects he'd like to be a parent but isn't sure if he's up for it.  
The colors are vibrant, there are no blemishes that can be seen.
But if you're looking for two solid seasons of entertainment and can afford to skip the rest, this is a solid bet.
We have truly enjoyed watching these movies as a family.  
If you like this picture and have blu-ray in your home, this is definitely worth your money!
Fast forward to today and here I am as a father watching this cartoon with my daughter and hearing her giggle and sing along to the opening credits is worth more to me than anything else in the world she also has not starting running around the house and saying that shes a rescuer and has started calling my cat fat cat and "rescues" her toys from her often now.
This is good for adults and kids, everyone, old and little.
"Bambi" is a must-see for all children.
Ordered this for a relative and don't care or know what to say about it.  
The quality, color and softness are just as described.  
Thanks for ruining one of your best masterpieces .
I have a larger then average size head and it fit me no problem.
I was disappointed to find the menu on the Blu-ray to not have the voice-over interplay of characters that my DVD has.  
Don't miss out.
The decorations don't come off, and they make the fun clicking sound kids love when they're playing princess or dress up!Great buy
My girls love these shoes.
Whereas the early 90's version boasted a gothic and dark picture, the 2002 DVD showed a flat and cheap-looking picture with bright and off colors (for example, "olive green" turned to neon green).
Julie Andrews is wonderful as always and is great as her ever patient nanny.
Great quality, no complaints here.
The smallest one was Madeline......Cute movie - the backstory and retelling of some of the main character info was a bit 'eh'
He had tried to build a Davey Crocket amusement park in the late 1960's about a 100 miles from King Island, which is in Ohio, but was unable to get enough financing.
It's the kind of well-crafted old-fashioned storytelling that still holds up very well indeed, with an appealing cast, some gorgeous Technicolor photography of some stunning Swiss locations and some impressive footage on the mountains themselves that isn't over-reliant on Peter Ellenshaw's occasional matte painting.
This is the one that comes in box that has triangulartop and not flat and comes with abu and the doll is in prince outfit is dreamy!amazing.
starring the late Leslie Nielsen and Recess: School's Out.
he drop it and the boot snapped off.
The story is fun, heartwarming & has a great lesson.
We will enjoy family movie night wuth this fun film for the whole family
7. Gama.
I am going to use them as cake toppers for my daughter's birthday.
Three Enchanting Versions of Beauty and the Beasta.
This was the fifth package in war\post war era that Disney put out.
If you want a good sized Goofy this is the one to get!
They have been thrown, gone swimming, been left outside for a few days, been stepped on and they still look like new!
The Little Mermaid is classic and I am happy to add it to our collection.
No doubt about it.
Many of the classic lines aren't delivered with the throwaway snap required, while Alan Rickman sometimes overdoes the pathos of Marvin, rendering him not nearly as deliberately irritating as he needs to be.
Furthermore, it felt like being in the ocean, due to the vastness of the area, and perceived danger lurking.
I bought this DVD used, and it's in great condition, but it only plays on my DVD player; it doesn't work on our PS3 DVD and Blu Ray player.
The further adventures of Princess Mia Thermopolis.
I bought her the 1st & 2nd seasons.
I'm having a hard time understanding the logic behind Disney's combo packs.
Of all my BDs, the ones from Disney consistently look and sound the best over all the others.
I see (Ha Ha) something new every time I view it.
I'm in my late 20s but I still love Pixar movies like no other.
I thought this movie might scare my 4 year old, so I was ready with the remote when we watched it the first time.  
I didn't enjoy the romance of Mia and Nicholas at all, especially after the book version of Michael was such a great guy and was perfect for Mia.
Second, the game is fun for a girl that is 3-6 years old, yet the game states ages 4 to 15.
Disney Studios 28th full length animated feature film.
This did not keep my daughter's interest.  
The head dress was cheap.6.
The only reason why that went over my head at the time was because the movie they made immediately after this--The Incredibles--was an awesome movie, and as it was essentially the studio's first big failure in my eyes, I was willing to pass it off as a mere bad egg.
who didn't know PIXAR.
Yeah - I know why bother!?What I received was just the Blu-Ray so all I can say is that the picture looked brand new and was about as good as it could be.
This is a great movie to watch.
She played with for a little while but lost interest part way through.  
Belle comes looking for her father, and offers herself as a hostage in exchange for him.
She stays begrudgingly but in time discovers a tender side to this beast and eventually loves him and breaks the spell that bound him for so many years.
My daughter is not a big bath time person, she likes to splash but hates water getting on her head.
This set deserves 5 stars for cuteness, play value, and overall appeal.
Marnie is now in high school and proposes that some of the teen inhabitants of Halloweentown be allowed to attend Marnie's high school in the mortal world as a way of promoting friendship between the mortal world and Halloweentown.
The only animated movie to receive a Best Picture Oscar nomination, and it deserved it.
I love this movie.
And he is so soft and cuddly.
From Sesame Street to the tv series and the movies.
One of the great frontier men of history brought to life through the movies and tv series. . . .
she's also brave.
i grew up watching this as a little kid and i hadn't seen it in years.
My daughter LOVES Rapunzel and she just had to have Pascal to finish the look.  
recomend to buy it so you can make your collection complete.
To be fair my daugthter is taller than the average 3 year old as well so these are a bit small on her but for just around the house and pretend play it's fine.  
We both felt that it was a family film that featured cute characters, innocent characters but also showed the importance of family, listening to rules and of course but also a first step of explaining to them about what was transpiring between Bambi and his mother and what happens later in the film.
In 1993, Walt Disney Pictures was sued for stealing someone else's idea for this film.
When we received the "real" Minnie from Disney (which is the one pictured here), she was perfect!
This is certainly one of the very best Disney features ever made.
Pixar always does a phenomenal job on their movies and "Finding Nemo" is no exception.
Most of the other shorts range from good to excellent, but too may time they look a little soft or slightly washed out.
Bobby Driscoll, Song of the South(live), So Dear to My Heart(live), Treasure Island(live) and Peter Pan(voice), is one of the Top Child Actors of all time.
I was so thrilled!!
Honey, I Blew Up the Kid(1992) is an underrated sequel.
Especially standing out here is the voice acting from Crystal and Goodman, whose characters have such a great report with each other.
Awesome movie, and in condition as expected, supreme and fast delivery!
In fact, Walt Disney was heavily in debt from the '30s and '40s that in 1950, everything was put on the line with the film "Cinderella" and fortunately, the film was financially successful and eventually gave Disney the freedom it needed to create more animated films.
Seeing the unfortunate Lampwick turning into a donkey was and still is a terrifying sight to this day as was the final confrontation Pinocchio had with Monstro the Whale, a huge creature capable of swallowing whole ships, in order to rescue his father, who had been looking for him, giving his all to become a real boy.  
another childhood favorite.
I started using it when she was about 9 months and am still using it now at 11 months.
This is heavy stuff for a show supposedly for kids.
And since they are small she carry everywhere she go.
The performances of Nolti and Short are spotless!
And this classic take on the fairy tale is a good example why.  
I use it sleep some times.
On the downside, although it has 13 months, there are only 12 month labels and some of the labels aren't long enough to cover the space for the label where it is printed "place month sticker here" or something like that.  
these boys will go through anything to get a laugh in this comedy about these guys and this sorority i highly recommend seeing this very funny movie
Seeing Bambi again after a few years, this time with my own family on the new Diamond Edition, brought back the memories of each time I saw it in the past (this goes back to the 1960s) and how it resonated then and still does now.
I think he is so talented and good looking I wish more brothers were like him.
The wand is wonderful.
It is not the gory movies that depict Halloween.
Flynn is a nice toy & my daughter plays w/ him & Rapunzel alot.
She loved Pooh when she was 5 or so and still does to this day.
She loves this doll and carries it with her everywhere.  
This was a Christmas present for my son and it is one of his favorite toys.
And that's about it.
you love the little short stories by walt disney.you will love this one.the most favor one is in the bag.my kids love it and i remember it from when i was young.these are oldies, but goodies.it arrive in great condion.
He does meet the "girl next door" - Chloe - and falls in love.  
Not gonna happen.
He's been washed 4 or 5 times and still looks new.
They travel through time and basically death to get Jack back.
The delivery was super fast.  
"I'm Odd" Newly Discovered Cheshire Cat Song + Intro*
The journey on how they first fight against their habitat to ultimately learn to live with their human neighbors is a poignant and sad one.
I do admit the film wore on a bit too long for me, because some of the stories were better than the others.
Monsters Inc. is a great family film and a fun time at the movies.  
This particular collection doesn't seem to have a lot of extras on it.  
The young girl it was for is in mid elementary school and she loves this movie.  
Ever since this movie first aired on the Disney Channel (back when i was a tween) I've been addicted!!
An industrial spy from the rival company brings in a criminal team to sabotage Medfield's amazing strength concoction and the stage is set for a rousing showdown at the weightlifting competition.
He did not work from the start but our granddaughter likes him.
Most but not all of the older bonus material presented on the previous two-disc DVD, but I'm keeping my old one to keep all the features.
Product quality very disappointing.
So Santa apparently shops at Amazon and got her this one.
Seriously?")That said, the film is still a visual feast, abounding in sight gags both large and small.
The Beast gloriously transforms into his human self.  
Eloise is charming, ingeniuos, mischevious - everything any little girl would want to be...a very funny tale and a great fantasy movie...love it....
We were quite surprised to find that this was a platinum edition at this price.  
I would recommend it for anyone of all ages.
Her fiery hair falls in wild curls down her back.
Video: 4.5 out of 5.
This movie is great!
Out of Scale - Chip and Dale are captured by infamous crime boss Ratso Ratskywatsky who gives them as pets to his spoiled daughter Buffy.  
The sound can be chosen in either 7.1 or 2.0 stereo.
I don't recommend buying this.
However I was disappointed in the quality versus the amount I paid.
There is nothing else I can say except buy this.
This is an awesome movie and it is great for ages to watch.
Just does not work very well with eggs - they spill out under and stick to the sides - even with a spray oil.  
Can see why Johnny Depp would play Captain Jack forever.
There's no denying that The Little Mermaid looks gorgeous on Blu-ray - this is overall a great 1080p AVC HD transfer - but the film is beginning to show its age a bit.
The motor spins just fine, it's the rubber band that slows it Down.
great movie that we have watched over and over, recommend this for all kids, easy listening, great story line and awesome ending.
I may be thirty, but you're never too old for Disney in my opinion.
I commented on someone else's review that the only way to correct this movie was to just do it over again, but that might be the worse thing that could ever happen.
Many nights when she starts to stir, I simply turn this on again and she lulls back to sleep with ease.
Not a spot of grain, dust or any kind of particle.
A great film by Pixar and the crew.
I love the Muppet Show.  
She has had Treasure for almost 4 months now, and it is still in excellent condition, attesting to its durability.
Since my daughter is so young, I did not feel comfortable giving her the adult Ariel doll.  
This is a great movie.  
We continue on throughout the story on the trail and meet many an amazing character.
She sings a song about a world of her own, where everything is nonsense.
Max first meets Miss Cross after reading a passage she wrote into a book about the sea, a quote from Jacques Cousteau, he falls in love with her almost immediately.
Finding Nemo is a very cute movie with nice story line and a goodvariety of characters.
My granddaughter who is 4 1/2 enjoyed it to
My nephews loved it, stands the test of time.
I grew up on `Honey, I Shrunk the Kids' and I even remember seeing `Honey, I Blew Up the Kid' in the theater.  
It started out great and was a fun way to keep track of his development with the stickers.  
Disc 3 has a couple of good episodes.
He LOVES bath time now, and it keeps him nice and safe.
IT WAS A FAST AND EASY WAY TO GET WHAT I WANTED.
Well, let me tell you that I don't think there's a need for another one.
he pulled the string and it can out.
If I had to choose a favorite Disney movie to be made by Walt Disney himself, then that would definetly be "Pinocchio."
I don't think I ever noticed the beautiful music before I watched it on Blu-ray.
Oh, it still has all the emotional elements in place--but here they just don't ring true.
And I got it very quick.
Episodes are built around classic stories that all kids should know.  
my 29 year old daughter collects all the cartoons from her childhood and this was yet on of them she loved!!!
Couldn't wait to come home and see it at 3:30 pm!Great story lines, very well developed characters!  
As sorority girls!!  
Big, soft, snuggly and a bad guy... what more could you want from him?
All in all, a great movie.
The revealed image is clear but not bold.  
and I enjoyed it more and more every time I went back to the well.  
Good story,.....
The biggest issue I have with this item is there is no release valve.
If you buy the pajama set, which comes with pants, then she can sit.  
way!"On
I've seen so many stage musicals based on Disney, but I think the best stage adaptation of this would be a ballet, utilizing the film score, rather than songs per se.  
Funny thing: friends of mine who would probably enjoy "The 13th Warrior" never bothered to see it because they were tired of Antonio Banderas, but frankly, I thought this was one of his best performances.
The series loses much of its romantic tension after the leads become intimate.
Documentary Shorts: There are seven little items here.
--EXCELLENTLY DONE.BUY THIS MOVIE OR OTHERS FROM THIS SELLLER-
(You can also get it with a digital download disc and storybook app.)
this is a classic movie, my kids love monkeys because of this movie, love the music and it is just great
I searched for Bambi DVD, and purchased one of the first items listed (not realizing it was an outdated VHS).  
It can be wash easily, Totally recommend for minnie's fans. .
True, recent ones haven't been up to par -- too treacly, preachy, or, worst of all, politically correct.  
These are a really cute accent to put with the other Tinkerbell party decor.
Finally, they are full of humor for both the target children and the adults watching with them.  
Throughout the second season many of the characters, and the actors who portray them, get more of an opportunity to show off their skills where they didn't really get an opportunity to previously.
it was not only immediately visible in the form of the doll, the face,the detailing of the face the gorgeous eyeshadows and fabulous dress that had tinny stichesand so cool fabrics that were like a real thing comparing to this cheap doll offered here.
We love Monsters, Inc and were looking to upgrade our old VHS Cop while at Disney.
My granddaughter loved the movie.
This looks as much like the film as a Blu-Ray can, and I say this having seen it three times in the theater.
You should have seen his face light up when he saw the toys!  
They took a chance having someone other than John Lasseter helm this oneand it paid off big time.
From the iconic dancing scene with Belle and the Beast to the music, the movie just wins my heart by default.
A bit frustrating.
Great message in here, and the ending with the father gorilla and Tarzan is special every time.
CWatching it again, I realize one big weakness is that they don't use the villains nearly often enough.  
I got this bathtub because the munchkin ducky got too small, and I found only this one at the local store.
Not exactly what I'd want my kid repeating, but nothing that I'd get upset over either.
Great imaginative characters and story, one that is watched often by my 3 daughters.
I tried two new sets of batteries, but that did not fix the problem.  
Schools of fish dart by, sharks circle, predators give chase, jellyfish press in, bubbles scurry toward the surface, fins flap, tails flick, sand swishes, anemone rustle, plankton flee a pursuing whale, seagulls mount a hungry assault and distant sounds echo through the ocean.
I really just hated the entire experience- and really felt bad that Sam Roclwell was so spot on and terrific and that his performance was wasted on a terrible film...
But Belle doesn't care about her beauty, just enjoying her reading and hoping to have an adventure.
But it's almost as if he is overstuffed.  
It would make a great birthday or Christmas present.
Operation Wonderland (Now in Hi-Def) - (10:56) Featuring a 1950's featurette of a man visiting Walt Disney to learn about the making of "Alice in Wonderland".
And for the first time in a film it didn't seem cheap or trite, or whatever, it felt real, to me at least, and my own twisted up world view, but that doesn't matter.
I would recommend this, and the other Lego Princess sets, to any one with young girls, or buying a gift for one.
Viewed: 2/13Rate: 42/13: The Insider is the first and yet the only Michael Mann stinker I've seen.
My daughter and I said we were going to order us one.  
It's really creative,family friendly,etc, but I'm more of a Finding Nemo type of person lol.
I can't wait to finish and start season 3!!!
and he's all about Mickey and friends right now.
Got me a pseudo-nephew named Zack, who loves Disney.  
The player is close to the size of an adult's CD player.  
It was always my favorite Disney Afternoon show.1-5.  Awakening:  The origin story, about how the Gargoyles lived in 994 AD, were betrayed by 2 of the humans they swore to protect, & were frozen in stone for 1,000 years.  
If someone knows of a beauty kit for young girls that a) isn't Disney, and b) is of better quality, please let me know.
Unless the story is changed markedly--as Tim Burton did with his 2010 version, the only big screen "Alice" that was a box office smash--many have tried with varying results.
This has plenty of extras, most of which are aimed at kids, but the commentaries and `making of' featurette are of special interest to adults and give a deeper insight into the film.
For the money, I felt it was a great value.
The Fred Waring Show (Excerpt)Deleted Materials:* Deleted Scene: Pig and Pepper* From Wonderland to Neverland: The Evolution of a Song - An entertaining look at how a song originally written for Alice in Wonderland, finally found its home in another Disney favorite, Peter Pan.* Deleted Storyboard Concept:
I paid less than $28 for it.2.
No other film makers can compare to Disney's work, even their knot holes have detait and the art is wonderful, I often zoom in for more detail on my  16 inch screen.
I love the classic movies!They dont make them like they used to but I enjoyed this so very much and so do my nieces and nephews!
Disc One contains the classic (and totally relevant) Mickey Mouse cartoon
and it was a wonderful experience.  
I bet because Daisy wasn't included.
I must have watched it a dozen times just to make sure Nemo was really found.
(on my system)MY 3D RATING = GOOD  (poor, fair, good, very good, excellent)Note: As far as the percentages go, everyone's eyes are different.
Last year, I felt a sudden urge to watch it and experience it as an adult.
I remember them with fondness as a child, and now have purchased them for my grandchildren.  
I'm just hoping she's avoiding the temptation to also purchase it!
Then strands of the Threepenny Opera song Mack the Knife intones:
Time will tell how it holds up.  
They even all fit inside of the Disney Planes Aircraft Carrier sold on Amazon also.
The only flaw that I hate about Disney movies is that god damn Disney vault that makes me feel like I have to buy or I won't be able to get it again for 10 years.
i love this movie.  
But I needed a soft Buzz to give as a gift and that's what he is :)
We were looking for additional characters since the ship didn't come with a captain hook.
He does smell nice too which is an added bonus.
Normally, when watching a high-definition picture, my first impression (if the picture is good) is "Wow!"
Received this product with 2 other DVDs in a Gerber Graduates box.
The young ones love all the animals.
they will sit in front of this really cool movie front start to finish!
The quest is over.
Our daughter begged for this doll after seeing the new Oz movie.
She had Mickey, Minnie and Pluto and wanted Santa to bring her a Goofy.
I bought  the DVD for my son, He Likes the Movie and i remember seeing it as a child myself, Watching it again brought back memories of my own childhood
Their only purpose is to link these 2 completely unrelated short films so it could be marketed as a feature.
I can't say its true or not... only that the girl was not impressed.
I enjoyed how it ended.
It is because this one you better don't touch or otherwise you will end up with a bad perm case.
What can you say?  
What a relief!
she could quote the lines the characters were going to say!  
I can't tell you how good of health our dogs are in now that "Doc" can check them out on a daily basis.
You won't beat the price of this Buzz Lightyear on Amazon.
and I'd even go so far as to say I didn't like it.  
I bought this last year for my niece.
The shark parts and deep sea fish parts are parts I would fast forward through for 7 and under.
NO SCRATCHES OR TEARS.WAS ABLE TO TRACK MY PACKAGE.
However, my 2.5 year old son likes them and none of them have broken.
I love the gargoyle and never really got to all the series, so getting the first season will start me off.
We should have listened to all the negative reviews.
This is one of the great Christmas movies according to my daughter.  
They were out of stock of the standard cars at Toys R
This movie is just not for the kiddies, but is for adults too!
but as in most musicals, the plot is not really the point) - Belle's father (Maurice) seeks shelter from a wolf attack in a strange castle, inhabited by enchanted objects - Lumiere the candlestick, Cogsworth the clock, Mrs. Potts the teapot, etc.  
The other features such as karate chop arm, a helmet that pops open and a laser on his arm are all fun.  
Better then anything you can see on TV today.
This is perhaps the closest an animated film comes to being a moving painting, a work of art in motion.
it works pauses for a bit but continues it just appeared boring or at least my kids at age of 5 did
Back in 1923, Felix Salten wrote a novel titled "Bambi, a Life in the Woods" in Austria.  
I was worried about my baby in the big bath tub.
What a difference it made.
For his 1st birthday my grandson was getting several plush Toy Story characters.
If your little girl likes Brave she will like this!  
Once Michelle Pfeiffer really started reaching out to the students and it started working, it seemed to fast forward to them having to take another class because now they were honors students.
In my opinion, one is never too old for cartoons, especially in the form of this one.
I was looking for a simple puzzle for my 2 1/2 year old to build her puzzle skills with.
Mickey trades their cow for a handful of magic beans after Donald nearly kills the creature for food.
This movie was a different type of movie then what I always get, but I enjoyed it as did my wife.
My younger family members love it, my cousin can't stop watching it.
There also isn't any further aliasing or 3D-related anomalies to report, there aren't very many on-screen visuals or elements that fall victim to crosstalk (and those that do will only do so on 3D displays that are already prone to ghosting), and I didn't encounter much of anything that will give anyone pause.
We didn't purchase either of our Buzz Lightyears from Amazon, they both came directly from the Disney store, so I can't comment on some customers saying that they received a knock off.
MOVIE FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY BECAUSE ITS A DISNEY MOVIE....SELF EXPLANATORY....RIGHT???
I found it interesting to watch once but it's really no something that children will get too excited about.
CaptionsBonus MaterialI. Mickey and The Beanstalk DVD StorybookII.
Masters of the Djinj:  Scrooge and Glomgold race for mastership of Aladdin's genie.  
Acually it was Gargoyles, but Ducktales was my favorite of the funny ones, although I always thought Rescue Rangers had the best theme song.  
The music is great and this will prove to be an enduring classic cartoon.
The first "chapter" is fully animated which features Ariel and her desire to dance like a human.
The storyline revolves around a couple of love affairs and some plotting, all fairly unconvincing and unrealistic (it is, after all, a fairy tale).
I'm not sure why some people don't like this edition.
I loved this movie when I was younger, so I wasn't sure when I bought it recently in blu-ray if I'd still like it, and of course I did....and of course singing along with it, luckily nobody else was home :)
This is a movie from my childhood.
Love the movie.
Disney's "Peter Pan" is finally up for the high-definition treatment.
It really seems to provide little protection as to the places she's likely to hit her head are not the sides of the tub, but
IT IS WASHABLE AND SO SOFT.
Following the Leader Song-Along SongVII.
We still pull out the set and watch them again from time to time.
the set is very soft and colorful.
The pieces are sturdy and of great quality.  
Too bad he didn't live to see the movie come out.
but she's really small for her age.
Excellent for whole family to watch.
It was new sealed and no damage.
She loves it because of the little girl that is in it.
Compared to those films, in my humble opinion, this film does not measure up.
This is a great realization of the novel.  
Beauty and the Beast tells a very definite story.  
It contained 4 episodes from the show- each one was good in inself-
I hated this movie when I was young, but decided to watch it again with my children.
This is an all time classic that will be around for years to come.
It's classic Wes Anderson dry, dead-pan humor, if you dont get it, you probably never will.
The body is skinny andmade of poor quality plastic, hard to pose, once you pose it looses thebalance and the hands fall down and with time the head will also go into unstopped rotation when touched.
I don't really remember the other one.
My son LOVED the "monster trucks".  
Now they love it too!
The movie was very good I really liked it.
The movie is of great quality and looks good even though it is not in HD format.  
Only has one, and if it is lost.....
They did promptly refund my money.
By the way, note all the lyricists and the the artists credits (presented at the beginning, not the end like todays Pixar films) and that there were FOUR Directors.
Alan Menken is incredibly gifted for making original musical pieces for most of the '90's disney films, like The Little Mermaid, Aladdin, The Hunchback of Notre Dame, Pochahontas, and most recently Tangled.
This movie is hands down my favorite Disney classic.
That was disappointing since it looked cute online and seemed to be rated well.
"But corporations, they never forget."
Later, the 2 con men get Pinocchio ready for a trip to Pleasure Island, which collects naughty boys and here, Pinocchio meets Lampwick (Frankie Darro).
It's essentially much like an episode of The Andy Griffith Show I remember seeing where somebody from the big city gets stuck in Mayberry, desparate to get out, only to end up loving the town and wanting more.
He does many bad deeds throughout the course of the first few chapters, and of course it's highly unappealing for a children's cartoon; so major changes were made to the title character that simply worked for the best: he is bright-eyed, curious, easily manipulated, and unbelievably forgetful; most young children should be able to relate to him, and so should adults who remember what it was like to be Pinocchio's age.
I used these as decorations on my daughter's birthday cake.
I bought it for my girls and thought it wasn't nearly as good as I remembered.  
The quality of these toys has been very good in our experience and everything is still in one piece.
We have to watch it every year at Christmas , 4 generations gather around the TV sometime during December to watch Peter Pan and a few other family favorite movies.
It is cushioned in every area to prevent any injury if she moves around in the tub.
The low point of the season.  
overacting, incoherent and meandering dialog and script, nothing made sense, nothing was cohesive, the plot was mindless boredom.
I never cared for the movie when I was young and it seems to be a pattern they don't even want to watch it.
Would recommend to any Cars or monster truck lover!
Well this is one of those rare instances where the plethora of mediocre reviews littering the internet were invaluable at lowering my expectations going in.  
Great story about a missionary and his experiences in Samoa.  
Fun to play with!!
we store ours inflated face down on a towel to catch any water left over.
This is a good movie and we enjoyed it, but I came close to stopping it.  
I am going to guess that this game is already taken apart and the jewelry is just in the dress-up box.  
Anyway, I purchased some Tangled dolls made by Disney for some of the little ones on my Christmas list.
This has always been one of my favorite Disney movies.
It should be reduced to half its present length.
Working against him is his most trusted business associate and friend Jack Bristow (Victor Garber), also a double agent recruited to SD-6 during the Cold War.
I loved this movie from the first time I saw it...
After a couple of washes, the stitching that attaches the blanket to the mat started coming undone, so I sewed it back on.
The one aspect of Bambi that was played down over the years has been the voice cast.
Oh, and that gorgeous singing harp!More than just the famous tale of "Mickey and the Beanstalk", "Fun and Fancy Free" is a musical birthday party hosted by an animated Jiminy Cricket and a live-action Edgar Bergen, complete with Charlie McCarthy and Mortimer Snerd, and of course the guest of honor, the adorable Miss Luana Patten, whom I certainly had a crush on as a kid (especially in Johnny Tremain).
Even though it isn't as good as it could have been, the film still has a very lovable spark to it.
We get it, she was called puppet in the first film.  
Fess Parker and Buddy Epson do a great job in this older movie!  
In short, "Monster, Inc."'s plan came wonderfully together.
Thru The Mirror Mickey Mouse Animated Short* Reflections on AliceMy Opinion:  It had been a long time since I had seen Alice in Wonderland and viewing it from the eyes of an adult versus a child made the movie watching completely different for me.  
I paid $12.50 for it at the Disney Store.
Come on, it's The Guide.
They were all pretty good to excellent, but this one stands out as his best and it is not a formula story.  
I mean it is alright
It never gets old!
This was the hardest one to remove from the package, and a piece of plastic chipped away from the back of the figurine while removing it from the package.
One day, a human girl accidentally gets into the monster world due to the villain's carelessness, and a hard worker and his assistant must get her back to the human world).
The bedding set is adorable but the quality of the sheets is disappointing.
"Bumble Boogie" is also a real eye-treat.
He's deaf with cochlear implants and loves the characters and the dancing in the preview and ending!
May get the wig and turn this into a Halloween costume for next year.
I wish I was getting paid for saying that but unfortunately, I'm not.
i love rewatch'n my childhood merories
This is the first time that the Disney classic is on Bluray in HD and with a new "digital restoration" and - honestly - it looks great on my Standard Def TV and should be "gorgeous" on an HD.
VERY cheaply made.
We rented this instant video and now need to buy it.
There are hardly, if any, visible scrapes and dings on the paint job after being crashed, thrown and put in the bath tub.
The historical Northmen (or Vikings) did indeed go down as far away as Baghdad, so that part is factual.
If you liked the original in theatres, you will love this!
Facial detail is outstanding, among the best on the format.
A friends child really enjoys the car series and they had recently destroyed there DVD, so I purchased them a replacement as a gift.
At first!!
If you're a die-hard fan of the series, you might like HALLOWEENTOWN HIGH!!!
It's not just for children.. gives you  different outlook on what your kids watch!
I would recommend this to anyone.
In fact, after The Incredibles, my tolerance for the studio started heading downhill, especially in regards to films like Wall-E or Up.
I enjoy watching it and Cars 2 over and over.  
The same jokes over and over again.  
My son loved being Buzz for Halloween
He really like Thumper.  
The size is not to big or small.
Still a worth it!
...I agree with all of the good comments...
Of course, I loved this movie.
Right now they want 60.00 for this toy on Amazon DON'T PAY THAT!
Again, Disney scores high on this very well-done set.
It just makes me feel guilty for liking some of the 1970's/80's films, specifically Aristocats, Robin Hood, The Rescuers, and my favorite The Great Mouse Detective.
A multi-part story so good, the creators do a commentary on it.  
Maybe that's why his movies are so easy to relate to since nobody is perfect and everyone finds themselves slipping up from time to time.
Those of you with mensa kids might want to do some prepping though.  
It has its good points, and it has definitely low points.
Jones plays the cute and lovable Pinocchio and German actor Christian Rub plays the doting Geppetto.
The movie is pretty good and the characters are adorable.  
it is a really good movie
They look pretty and seem to be sturdier than other play dress up shoes I have bought the girls in the past.
She loves it so much when we got a family cat she insisted that we name our cat Boo.
Their adventures keep you at the tip of your seat and you always want more.  
Rick Moranis and Dave Thomas provide audio commentary.
It's a little slow at times, but it kept my interest, and had a good, though slightly unexpected ending.
For some reason it doesn't sit right on my toddler's head and the crown piece continuously droops below where I place it because it moves around on this weird headband thing.
They are on the last leg as they must gather all the pirates for a last stand against the Company who plans on killing all pirates.
but my son was happy.
The disc worked great too!
I love those big dogs!I first saw "the Ugly Dachshund" way back in the 60's.
Alas, it's a guilty pleasure but one that is worth indulging in at least once.  
This movie is fun from beginning to end.  
Listening and learning from these wonderful men is a treat.
so it stops it from sliding in the bath and I can use it to hang on the shower as storage after..Very easy to inflate..Even by mouth..
The producer, Daniel Enright, replies that that's the beauty of it.
You see that it takes the development of interpersonal relationships and personal goals to overcome obstacles that are necessary to make teams work--to make us team players.
Because this is told through comic strip style, there is no one main story.
I originally purchased this tub with the intentions of deflating it after every use to save room.
is cute, innocent, and much more delightful than the jerk in the book.
but it is not much of likness of the real on screen character.
Like the past few Treasures sets, this one suffers from lack of restoration and care on some of the shorts.  
What can you expect from any movie with Dean Jones and monkeys?
Very moving movie.  
I am excited to be able to watch this movie with the kids in our family for years and years to come!!
It's an interesting irony that his own daughter suffers from acute asthma -- a respiratory disease.  
Enjoyable, no principle gets hurt (much) except the newspaper man.
The music and songs fill in when theres little acton to express the feelings of the main characters.
Rather than take itself too seriously, Chicken Little keeps things light by integrating an incredibly rich in-film soundtrack that bounces all over the spectrum: everything from a catchy ditty written specifically for the film by the Bare Naked Ladies to the requisite
Watching this movie after the fact proves that the fist big corporate business in the tobacco industry, or any industry for that matter, can hold over their employees.
It's sad that I can only return this item for a partial credit too.
The film itself had some LOL moments and IMO the 3D even though flawed does add to the viewing experience.
It should be noted that Beauty and the Beast was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Picture, the first time ever an animated film got nominated on the show after more than 65 years, and the last to be nominated until 2009.
We wore it also on our Disney cruise (Alaska).
The movie is cute and the G rating is appropriate.  
Beauty and the Beat is my favorite Disney flick ever.
We have had it for 3 months and his arm just broke off.  
We gave this game to my daughter for her 5th birthday and she has played it almost daily since!Although she hasn't seen all of the princess movies, my daughter knows enough about their stories to correctly guess the princess from the picture on the card the majority of the time.
The images vary between the storyboard, animated drawings, and regular film (as it fills in the gaps when needed).  
It fits his crib mattress perfectly & looks really nice on his new car bed.  
Thanks to you my collection is complete.
Good clean fun.
I will warn you, be sure to get all the water out of the bottom when your child is done.
Very happy with this purchase.
The story is simple enough for young children to understand the plot, but interesting enough for the parents that will no doubt have to sit through it countless times.
Deleted Character - Harold the Merman (HD, 2:05) Ron Clements and John Musker talk about and show rough animation for a bespectacled, nerdy character that was ultimately removed from the final film.
Not as sturdy as I had thought it would be.  
How about the alcohol and the saloons?Aside from that, I would have bought this DVD for just Johnny Appleseed.  
The Price:  Hudson does not wake from his stone sleep after an attack by MacBeth who was seemingly destroyed in the fray, little does Goliath realize that this is just a ruse by Xanatos who seeks a test subject to a cauldron that is said to make whoever bathes in it live "As long as the mountain stones."  
Even now after so many years, it's still an absolute joy to watch.  
This was a gift for a niece redecorating her bathroom.  
Problem is that the cost of this is much higher than your normal blu ray combo pack because of it.
No problems here.  
Great movie for all ages!
Now, Monty is the genie of the lamp, and Fat Cat is hot on his trail.  
Great Transactions!!
It is also funnyand a good story.
By far the best episode without Scrooge in it.  A+13.  
I love Dinah Shore's original narration of "Bongo" better than that awful Jiminy  Cricket's version (and to think "Arabian Knight" murdered "The Thief and the Cobbler"), such as those songs being resung sounded dreadful.
A movie I've recommeded to many people already.
Sexual content is about level with the original season and is more teasing than graphic.
She will still wear it and pretends to be Merida, but I have doubts that it will be played with very much once the new wears off.  
Mostly though, you just get visual clues on a card, then guess which princess it goes with.
"How about now."  Got it in one
This is the best of the Disney animated movies converted to 3d so far.
And all the little things that she gets into reminds me of my kids.
its for ages from 3-10 :)
Who knew that Gargoyles would have a well-written episode with a great moral?  A-18.  
Their episodes don't rock all the time (as seen in Send In the Clones & will be seen in Volume 2), but half of them were A+ & a couple more were A.  
These toys are cute but seem to be fragile and I do not think they will last very long at all.
There is no negative content that I am aware of and I would really recomend it for family movie night.
This mess has absolutely NO redeeming qualities.  
A true Disney fan will NOT.
To make matters worse for the Rangers, Zipper gets zapped too!  
When Dick van Dyke left CBS of the Dick van Dyke Show, it was at the top of CBS lineup and when they said goodbye in 1966, Mr. van Dyke left to pursue other facets of film.
"Beauty and the Beast: Diamond Edition" is presented in 1080p High Definition (1:78:1).  
Don't wast your money.
Can't wait to see how great The Lion King turns out on Blu-Ray next year!
The filmmakers went on location to Nevada to make the film.
Gorgeous, full color puzzle with sturdy pieces to withstand many successful completions and a busy floor!
Emptying this tub is a bit of a pain because you need to tip it over.
Lots of shows seem to break away from what they once were.
The Pirate Lords must band together and fight the massive Royal Navy and The Flying Dutchman.
I really like since unlike Rescue Rangers or Talespin  neither Little Mermaid or Aladdin got box set releases.  
Yes, 4 valves!
I bought these bumper pads so my baby wouldn't hit his head in the tub.
While he goes off to the science fair to exhibit his latest device, Belle is pestered by the most egotistical, arrogant, idiotic muscle-head in the village: Gaston, who considers Belle the only girl in town who is worthy of his greatness.
If you don't have any of these cartoons, I strongly suggest that you get them.
What's Your Season?
Theatrical Trailer - (2:33) The original theatrical trailer for "The Insider".
I think this movie should be watched by everyone.  
An incredible animated film from Disney.
Even though my first encounter with the movie was on very poor quality recording, I enjoyed it instantly.
While certainly not on par with any of their previous efforts this is still Disney when Walt was still alive.
Not a speck of dust or grain appears in the entire film.
Great story, animation, etc...  
When Belle finally announces her love for the beast, I ask myself why.
Disney Classic with superb color and clarity.  
Excellent for teens and mature pre-teens.
We purchased this tub for our 28lb 12month old son who outgrew the baby tub.
This was another series that I LOVED as a kid, and I was sooo happy when I found it on DVD!!
CMS has always intrigued me.
But she likes it, so I'm happy.
Our grandson loved this, and even thought it is a rather long movie,he sat through it all!  
my age then there is no question as too wheather you like this film or not.
came quickly and my son loves "cars" so great purchase.  
This set of figurines is solid and well made.  
I had been in search of this movie for some time but was not liking the price.
I can review the blu ray.
My daughter received this for her 3rd birthday and has played with it everyday since...nearly 8 months now.  
I bought this for my granddaughter.  
As usual, something feels odd in Anderson's world.
I hope to own this movie forever.
Adam causes (non-violent) Godzilla-like destruction to Las Vegas.
That's right; their asses were sold into slavery!Once again, I had forgotten most of the details, including the wonderful clocks and mechanical toys in Geppetto's shop.
But I think anyone from 3 to 103 will be charmed by everything in this movie.
We paid twenty dollars, and it has been a good value.
She insisted on sleeping on a pillow with Ligthning McQueen for months after that...If you didn't see it - go and get it.
She truely pulls off that how could the girl next door get dragged this deep into a web of lies.
I have to confess that I love this movie too...
I don't think there is another animated Disney movie that uses colors quite like Alice does.
Just like Buzz from the movie.
The kids only had a passing interest in watching Tarzan.  
When Crowe informs her that he has been fired, the first thing she thinks of is not the terrible effect it must have on him, but of their health insurance and mortgage payments.  
The Little Mermaid is the first Disney movie I remember my parents taking me to see (I was 4 years old).
As well as they track pirate and island mythologies in this movie too.
Also, you get a gigantic pillow case for a toddler bed.
The sound problem mentioned by a couple of reviewers I notice here did not bother me for some reason.
I grew up watching it and now my children are.
you can never go wrong with this disney classic
Offbeat love story involving courage, odd events and determination that preservers.
It also co-starred a very young Ricky Schroeder and Tammy Lauren as the two children taken under Noah's wing.
I haven't read the book, but I sure hope it's more entertaining and lively.
I bought this DVD for "Pecos Bill", period.
Jason Schwartzman is great, and Bill Murray may do his best work ever -side-splittingly funny, but with a damaged, sad, sometimes dangerousedge just under the surface.
There is very little challenge to this game at all
Her Brother's Keeper:  Jackal and Hyena are up to no good again.
But honestly, what isn't to love?`Monsters Inc.' is yet another imaginative offering from Pixar, the studio that continues to reinvent animation by giving us vivacious stories of superheroes, flying houses and rats that can cook.  
Regarding my age, I am sixty-three years old.
Alexander says he likes his nose just the way it is and that lelling the truth is much easier.  
The holes shown on the package really are not printed on the box, but are actually punched through, as Tim implies on the front cover.
At any rate, he doesn't really care that they are not the die cast ones and plays w/ them anyways.
With his Groucho eyebrows, thick specs, and slicked back barber cut hair, Jason Schwartzman pulled off a performance that finds a strange balance between loveable and narcissistic.
The thing about Gargoyles it was born in the time of old school batman and in the golden era of early 90's cartoons.
It's a stuffed animal.
I got rid of my VHS player
Sound effects and lights are awesome.  
But that is a small gripe for a great toy.
Pirates of the Caribbean III: At World's EndJust when we think Jack Sparrow is dead (even though we kind of figure they're going to risk their lives to get him back in the poorly disguised foreshadowing in the end of the last one)
Some characters I still have trouble recognizing the transformation is so good.
Why not the loveboat?!"Like I said.
This was a gift for my grandson who loves Jake and he has to go to sleep with him everynight.
Alternate Score of "The Transformation" -
I loved the movie, that is why I ordered it.
Had to transfer the puzzle to a tupperware container and toss the box.
They feel good, but they almost feel slick to me.
It's so bad that I've had to purchase this DVD at least twice.  
and it ripped the first day too on 3 different places!
JUST NOT  WORTH A TROUBLED TRIP.
Very good movie not what I was thinking
A must own for lovers of cartoon animation.
but I am sure it won't disappoint!
In his only Disney picture (not counting "Roger Rabbit"), Mel Blanc's sole contribution is a hiccough (all his dialogue was cut).Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.(7.7) Pinocchio (1940) - uncredited voices of: Dckie Jones/Cliff Edwards/Mel Blanc/Frankie Darro/Don Brodie/Walter Catlett/Marion Darlington/Evelyn Venable/William Costello
I like the whole series and have enjoyed having all of them.
Our tale begins somewhere in the South Pacific where a loving couple of clownfishes named Merlin and Coral (Albert Brooks and Elizabeth Perkins) are inspecting their formidable sized roe in a pocket of the sea anemone they call home.
I grew up with Winnie the Pooh as did my children and now my grandchildren.
The ending of the film was an, "are you serious?" kind of ending.
Disney Pedia: Bambi's Forest Friends3)
The whole film is a treat with top notch Disney animation and storytelling, plenty of humor, plenty of charming music, and plenty of lighthearted fun.
The sight of so many Nordic pumped up chests should uplift her soul.  
The DAY after the new one was opened, the creeping green had returned and her nose started to turn green.
It is larger than matchbox cars, but still a small compact die cast which can provide hours of fun for a young child.
And indeed, the difference was enormous.
Throughout this amazing production, you'll be entertained in a clean and wholesome manner!
No, not a gushing pool-of-tears sort of crying, but a crying nonetheless.
The Lion King II: Simba's Pride
I found this to be absurd, but people see what they want to see and so the PC BS still runs rampant in this country.
She is wearing her classic purple dress, has her hands on her hips, and just has the sweetest expression on her face.
But in the grand old tradition of "be careful what you wish for," once she gets what she wants, she finds that a wonder-world where "everything is nonsense" is peopled with zanies who range from unbearably frustrating to downright nasty.
We have LOVED this toy!!  
The story is well thought out; the pace is quick.  
This was on my oldest daughter's list.  
They roll easily.
im hooked and hope the surprises continue.
This might not have all the adornments all over the dress like some others, but honestly some of those end up looking tacky, especially when those little pieces start falling off.  
The inexpensive price-tag makes a bit more sense when you see this game in-person.
and I love this movie, so I know kids have to love it too.
It's doesn't fill up my widescreen TV, I guess because its an older film, but its not bad.  
There's a small added feature on the DVD which gives a few shots of the real Wigand and Bergman.  
It's become almost a monthly ritual to pull out the old DVD version and watch it ever since my kids starred in a local stage play based on the movie.
It just was a little more of a doll for an older girl.  
One was immersed in the film; one was carried into Bell's world.  
Worst of all,the story itself is very predictable.
I want items to pop out of the screen and very few times did that happen.
The doll is very soft and plush, and I often catch my son rubbing his face on Mickey and laying on it.
These are much smaller than the single diecast toys from the local stores.
So what are we to do?  
I even changed the batteries and it still sounded horrible.
In my view it is a good family movie made even better by the scenery and the wonderful actors.
The scenes of the Genovian palace are just breathtaking- a fantasy for any girl who's always wanted to be a princess.
Good material, sturdy and loved the designs.
Unlike Cinderella or Snow White, Alice undergoes no great transformation or dream-come-true -- she goes back to her dreadfully dull life, presumably still the same girl she was at the beginning.
I may have is-read the description, it is not one disk with the widescreen and fullscreen on it and another with special features, but each disk has the movie, and the bonus features in widescreen and fullscreen.
so i know this would be a hit.
came just as described and is great for my daughter to complete her now complete collection of doctor mcstuffin stuffed toys
The actors themselves aren't to blame but rather the intrusive and hokey ways they are presented and framed by these film makers.  
Cute replica, but way too pricey.  
Worth having if you like the first two movies.
The episodes aren't out of order like other reviewers has stated.
If you want to laugh your head off, man this is it!
I ended up getting the soundtrack, which is awesome for a children's movie.
My daughter cries frustrated.3.
My grandsons who recently visited from very far away loved this as much as I do.
Tarzan is a wild movie and has been since I saw it first.
The decline and exposure of Van Doren begins.
The 3-Disc Diamond Edition of "Peter Pan" will enchant fans of this celebrated classic.
People will have to come to my house to see it.
We try so hard to find that child that slips away for years and comes back to our waiting arms~
The inept criminals are foiled once again by Dexter Riley.  
This film represented the end of the golden age period when the five movies released by Disney until that time (Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs, Pinocchio, Fantasia, Dumbo and Bambi) pushed the boundaries and made animation an art form of unquestionable beauty.
While I enjoyed the film as a child, I must admit that it is not the most memorable Disney film nor is it a film that I watch often.  
Who doesn't love Cars?!
They are metal.
Even Princess Amber's fan seems to be holding up (you'd think it'd have broken off, but no, it's still in her hand).  
As a result ABC started refocusing on scripted dramas in an effort to regain their place at the top of network television.
Not because we should never have a flaming monkey in the Pirates of the Caribbean but because it was the wrong time.
Little cheesy but for the period was pretty cool.
We would recommend this item.
I bought it to compose my Frozen collection, I work with decorative tables for birthday parties.
No issues with play or image.
Lots of goofy characters made it a fun movie to watch.  
I am not sure I would give them to my just turned 3 year old, but they are very cute!I am not sure why this is 35 dollars (the price of this toy on Amazon as of 9/17)  I paid only 19 dollars regular price at Toys R Us.
Blu-ray version rocks!
This came perfectly packaged & arrived well before the estimated delivery date.
You already know if you want this movie so go ahead and get it!
Does anyone even remember this film?Disney trying to tell e a story & trying to get a point across.  
And incredibly overpriced here on Amazon.  
This movie certainly demonstrates really bad editing but then the editor didn't have much to work with.  
You wouldn't expect it but they are almost always better than here.
Love love love!
Fortunately, most were creative enough to earn a smile or a chuckle, but Miss Piggy's karate chops got really old really fast, after the episode where she did seven in one show.
and we use it.  
I'm going to order another one so my daughter has one at home for my grand daughter!
The new ones are excellent reproduction on the art and graphics.
The hat IS cute and it looks well made, but it is a little big on ME so there is no way it would ever fit a kid.
Ellen DeGenerris (spelling?) is outstanding.  
I love the handles that are there for her to hold on to so she feels more stable sitting up there.
Peter Pan is an uplifting fantasy.
Insane and beautifully drawn characters and a fascinating storyline make this movie remain one of my favorites.
Thankfully, now they have!
You'd think with a pirate-themed play area like this, that my kiddos would be all about Peter Pan, right?  
When I foind this I instantly bought it without even a read.
The film gives a perfectly detailed feeling for the 1950's from the start--cars, soundtrack, costumes, houses, the attitudes of the 50's.  
The first season was the best.
Needless to say the plastic shell was ripped off the base of the package and the paper liner inside was ripped up.
PINOCCHIO is one of the most famous and remarkable animations by DISNEY...and it's from 1940!!!!UNBELIAVABLE!!!
But overall, this is a decent (but underrated) movie.
As with the Hyperion Studios and Beyond Beauty material in the previous Diamond title, this is a new interactive way to learn more about the making of Bambi.
And my niece loves to watching too.
It was a good movie.
To finish up, we all know the movie is great.
Under the Sea Adventure: A Virtual Ride inspired by Disney Imagineers(Ride the Attraction / Ride with Disney Imagineers / Behind the Ride that Never Was)*
I have been waiting for this to come back out of the vault as it has been one that I did not have in my collection for blu-ray, so I was excited to see that it is coming out soon!
If you have one of the bigscreen tv's you will think you are at the theatre seeing it for the first time.
I have no doubt that the others will break soon, they are very light weight plastic, seem really cheep!
I have yet to open my dolls, (I'm not sure if I will yet)but
in the film, for instance, when Davy claims to of killed 105 bears in a single winter, it's fraternal thing, a cameraderie with the similarly exaggerative "common" folk who's champion he would be positioned as.
When perfect rich creatures have cake they receive a thin wedge and eat primly and perfectly and moderately with utmost control?  
Update: after a wet bed incident, Mickey had to go in the wash.
She played with it for a few days but like I said about another doll I bought at the same time, I think this is really meant for 5 year old girls and younger, little princesses just getting into the dress up and tea party stages of play, where my daughter has passed that but loves princesses and wanted a new toy.  
Peter Pan is sooo good, I Love it!
"MY" only drawback, and I say MINE, because it didn't bother my daughter at all, is that he has plastic hair.  
Colors are natural throughout and you'll feel as if you are standing next to the characters.
stop replacing shower curtain get a cloth one!
Miles has Professor Z invent an electro-magnetic pulse camera that causes the Allinol to expand and eventually make the cars in the race spontaneously combust!  
One can't help but wonder where the falling out between Bambi's dad and mom happened and why?
Completing the collection of the pirates of the Caribbean, was wavy when shopping here and what a great price it is
Here, there were many points on many fronts.
She drank a mysterious drink (from a stranger) or a potion that by today's standards could have been poison.
Yes you could carry the box around but you need to be careful because you are the only thing keeping the pieces form falling out.
Very good buy.
If it has been a while since you have watched this you are guaranteed to be pleasantly surprised at how well this movie was made.
I know on some postings it says it has fitted corners
I found myself recognizing some of the voices.
If anything, I wished that everything Disney releases were in English 7.1 DTS-HD Master Audio and fortunately, the animated classics have received this attention.  
Seasons One and Two included various comedy clips from the season, but this set only includes an "Interactive Game" in Tim's workshop.
It is one of the favorites in the DVD library!
A good big size and soft, won't be disappointed
Instead, the Prouds are headed for a vacation on a tropical island by invitation, however, it was a plot by a descendant of George Washington Carver in his evil plan to steal the dad's secret formula.
Even my old VCR  from 1980 could fast-search....  
This is mainly aimed at children.
We have the other princess dolls and my daughter loves them, so she got this one for Christmas and really loves it (She's 3 1/2).
And it sends too many wrong messages that are not good for the safety of children.
I remembered really liking to watch it after school when I was a kid.
However, through a bizarre series of events, he ends up captured by the diver that comes upon him unexpectedly and taken back to his salt water aquarium in his dental office.
Belle reads and thinks (a bad thing according to the villain in the film) and in her notion of marriage the relationship should be emotionally and intellectually stimulating.
my brother-in-law collects certain cartoons.
The deleted scene has a new song to fall in love with, and it was neat to see the alternate opening.  
Gave it to my grandson and it was almost impossible to pry him away from watching it.  
`Rushmore' is classic Wes Anderson and offers up a dry, humorous storyline with enough depth to elevate it above a mere comedy.
A fanciful tale of the journey of a very cute fish -Nemo and how it affects mainly his father.
Some retelling stories of Alice discuss the looking glass because the story of Alice in Wonderland refers to a series of Alice books, not all of which I have read, but most of them I have, they are little harder to find because they are older novels, but only one is a classic.
Everything is nicely vague and left to the imagination.
Will is still the same, except now that he saw Elizabeth kissing Jack in the last movie, he's a little more angsty.
When Mice Were Men - The Rangers to go Mexico when Monterey gets a call for help from old friends of his; they are under attack by a giant bull with a personal vendetta against Monterey.  
Of the two films, I enjoyed the second film the best.  
I would not purchase them again.  
Unlike some reviews I have seen.
My nieces are Jewish so we just fast forward through the two Christian songs.
She was very observant of the colors and patterns.
AND THE DVDS WAS EXTREMELY HARD TO TAKE OUT OF THE THIN CHEAP CASES.
It also takes up a lot of space.
A waste of money.
(Yes, the series is semi-story oriented...)
After looking at these pins, reading online, reviews, etc., it was very apparent that some of these pins were 1-offs.  
Buy it you will not be sorry.
A master classic story with a modernized twist.  
He manages to get out of it and pair up with Baloo and becomes his navigator.
Granted, Ratatouille and Toy Story 3 picked up the pace a little bit, but upon seeing Cars 2, I was utterly appalled that the studio actually managed to make a film much, much worse than Wall-E of all films, and I almost gave up on them.
The added length is really the fault of the ventriloquist because this is his section and he interrupts the story at times.
Great quality materials, excellent stitching.  
Still, a great movie and one for the family.
My six year old daughter has an extensive collection of Disney Princesses and Merida was an addition to that group.
She takes her daughter to England for the wedding, and Tom Selleck and Steve Guttenburg follow her there, as Selleck is convinced that Sylvia's choice is not much of a good candidate.
He loves this Christmas sing-a-long with Mickey Mouse.
I ordered this DVD for my Grandaughters Birthday.  
The gift's magical properties come to light during the full moon, and she becomes a mighty werewolf-like beast that threatens both Xanatos and the general population.  
All the songs sung by The Cheetah Girls have empowering messages for young girls about staying true to themselves, to their friends, and being strong.
Pretty good quality for the money too.
Always wanted the DVD and so happy I finally Got it.
When it was first released in 1940, Walt Disney's Pinocchio failed at the box office.
And then I think he got captured again?
We have always loved this movie.
he loves it!  
Meanwhile, Ursula's mom, Mrs. Stanhope(Christina Pickles)is devising a plan to get her daughter away from George with a little help from Lyle, and to make matters worse, there is an plan by the Mean Lion to overthrow George and make himself the new king.
Very, very funny!
since that about how much it is in store's, i was scared becaused it had a stop in shippment
first?And what of Wigand's fate?
Thirteen warriors are needed for this trip.
Especially since the players can point at the princess on a printout rather than having to remember their names.
This isn't a casual game to kill a little time.
Highly recommend for those of you who have children of any age who like Mickey Mouse.
To be honest i do enjoy this movie, but i would not put it next to real classics like Bolt, which is my opinion the greatest movie Disney ever made.
my granddaughter was excited to see what happen to tj and the gang when they went to the fifth grade and she was not disappointed
Blu Ray is nothing short of spectacular.
OKAY here comes the clever part...on the spinner card if it lands on the "WAVE", well then the box gets shaken and all the treasures will get mixed up and go under differerent puzzle doors.
I found this toy for $30 more on other websites.
EVEN MORE BECAUSE IT IS LIGHT WEIGHT AND SHE HAS NO PROBLEM CARRYING IT.
We decided to try this tub because he's slightly accident prone and he loves Winnie the Pooh.
Very enjoyable and instructional!
In order to raise enough money to buy a more comfortable couch for the resident's room in the local hospital, why don't they pose nude for the annual W.I. calendar?The idea takes off.
He took it home him to join his Toy Story figures.
They are constantly popping out without clicking the button!Overall this is a pretty awesome toy!  
so I get her the movies as they come out of the vault.  
My two year old will probably be bored with it before we get our money's worth
This is a very fun toy.  
The Blu-ray edition is nothing short of a miracle; pristine from beginning to end!
Piglet loses his (already flimsy) ability to be brave.
The cast is game.
When we played it on here, it was confusing for her because it hastotally different words!  
The film is about a beautiful young woman named Belle who lives in France.
We loved it.  
It's less expensive to fill up this tub with the California Baby bubble bath aromatherapy then fill up my tub :)
The supporting characters make the movie even more lovable, and the songs will be sung for generations to come.
The plot is watchable for adults who are forced to watch it over and over due to kids.
We used to live in New Mexico so I especially enjoyed the fact that kids are introduced to the southwestern landscape and to the history lesson of Route 66, which clearly shows that even good progress can have unfortunate consequences.
And not having a drain made me uncomfortable because by the time we were done, the tub is almost totally full.
Kenai seeks revenge and kills the bear only to have HIMSELF turned into a bear by the spirits.
They are small and plastic.  
I will say that all elements that constitute a movie, from background to characterization, were dazzling, convincing, and comprehensive.
A Wes Anderson classic.  
Got this as a gift for my little sister for doing good in school.
this is a great movie one great thing with Disney they make all there animated movies for both boy and girls.  
It came so fast it blew my mind.
This was a great addition to my son's collection of cartooon.  
Remove any gems already on the jewelry.3.
The first disc includes the first 3 episodes of Elfego Baca which is a fast paced "shoot em up" western series starring Robert Loggia (Frank from Scarface).
A DVD to be watched all year round and not just at the holidays.
With all due respect to Walt, thank God they changed the ending!  
With the great quality of this set, it just kind of puzzles me why such a weird sheet was thrown in.
Face - stunning detailing of a face
Something invisible hits Chicken Little on the head.  
Nemo (Finding) perhaps has touches of this innocence characteristic but nothing like sweet little Michael who clings to his teddy bear.
It stands up to a beating, is stitched together well, and Woody's height is correct relative to the Buzz Lightyear and Jesse and Bullseye (plush) figures being sold on Amazon right now.
Great for parents and kids!
There isnt much violence and it has a happy ending
The Blue Fairy shows up to forgive him of his lies, and Jiminy risks his neck several times to save the puppet from the greatest perils (being made into a slave of either Stromboli's or the Coachman's).
But... The zipper broke after first use...
One cake was a 9*13 and the other a 9" round in case any of you have similar plans.
I found to be quite witty.
A part of the game - where you act like a specific princess - requires the participant to know details about the Disney characters, so keep that in mind if you purchase the game for a child.
This focus on strategy, coupled with the physical similarities among the predominantly white male cast, makes it hard (at least for this modern viewer, seeing the show for the first time) to connect emotionally with the individual characters or invest too much into what happens.
Blu-ray quality is great, and the movie is a classic!  
Looks better in person than the picture suggests.  
Now I'm being asked to rent it again, so I would have been better off to purchase it instead of renting.
With Bambi, Disney gives us a new feature called Disney's Second Screen.
Has really cool games for kids.
very cute vibrant colors  great grandson knew who they were since it's most favorite movie and story book  excellent choice
so im glad i got this one at a good price
The movie contains (also as per Imdb) an all star cast of various actors and actresses that add additional life to the film (such as the great performance of Alan Rickman as Marvin the robot, Zooey Deschanel as Trillian and Arthur's secret love interest).  
Home Improvement is based around Tim Taylor (Tim Allen), a husband and father of three who has his own day-time television show called "Tool Time" (guess what that's about) with his pudgy and lovable sidekick, Al Borland (Richard Karn), who Tim loves to make fun of.
They are going through a right of burying their dead king and the selection of a new one.  
Some are just awful.
Action packed Animation Very Entertaining Shows.
It was great for those cool days and chilly evenings.
What an adorable set, that has held up to months of washing frequently without fading or falling apart.  
There is so much to congratulate it for.  
Glad it was a good enough explanation for them because they know they can't say it. :)
One thing that puzzles me, though, is why the heck did Disney choose such SAD stories to adapt--so DARK and heavy-handed?  
#3 The glitter!  
I love this movie and never get tired of watching it.
I don't have a 3D TV yet, so I can't comment on that yet, although my friend does have one
Replica of Merida's bow & arrow.  
My whole family loved it!
And let it be said - this is one of the most likeable and bravest bunch of "losers" I ever saw.
Lots of good humor - I would rent it again and again.
Wishing it had been the right DVD cause I do love this movie.
The game is very simple and after playing once, it is a little too easy to win.  
Well-built and true to characters in appearance.  
Laser works lights and sounds.
She is now 22, but the Beauty and the Best as always been her favorite.  
I don't understand why they didn't just start the movie with just Nemo and his dad, instead of having that beginning scene.  
3D really makes it pop.  
I can not wait for her to open them up!
Packaging in perfect condition and my four year old loves them.
and I think most kids will be quickly disappointed.  
I definitely can say my kids (2& 6) both love it and so do I!
Robert Redford's QUIZ SHOW is an entertaining film with a solid cast that's only loosely based on the Twenty-One scandal and subsequent 1959 Congressional hearings.
For saving a few inches of material, they end up with a neck that wants to flop over.  
We use it every day.
It seems very good quality!
baby likes this bath very much, i bought it when he was 7-8 months old.
A definate tear-jerker for most.
DVD ROMVHS EXTRASPreviewsI. MulanII.
The Prince was a beast long before the crone placed him under her monstrous spell (why she placed the Prince's entourage and household servants under a similar spell seems a bit unclear to me; perhaps their unquestioning devotion to him deserved punishment as well).  
I used to watch this after school most days and rewatching it all these years later was a lot of fun and brought back some good memories.
Great addition to our Disney Cars collection.
Everything is solidly attached.
Unfortunately the movie is saddled with the tired old cliche of the wife who has no moral backbonme at all.  
It's worth it.
Most of my students ARE from the urban, inner-city environment.
Thank you Amazon for being a company I can trust and for refunding my money with no hassles!
You can tell a lot of work and care went into every drawing and coloring.
These girls face that challenge of following someone else's ideas for the pursuit of fame, or staying true to themselves and to each other to pursue their dreams on their OWN terms and no one else's.
like picture shows, you need to adjust it but vnot easy.
I use it for pancakes too and even use it to cut out a Mickey Mouse shape in my toddler's nutella & bread sandwiches (just rock product back & forth to get it to cut through the bread).  
This one is a classic.  
I'm not sure if I see them fitting the average sized child up to age 7, but the skirts do stretch quite a bit.  
These make a great toy for bathtime.
She wasn't really interested in watching anothermovie--just cars.  
Every time I see this movie it takes me back to that time.  
If that makes me a little "mad," well, don't let's be silly!
A DISNEY CLASSIC MY DAUGHTER HAS BEEN CRAVING FOR MANY YEARS.  
As for durability, my 9mo old hasn't been able to rip off the antenna yet, which I was worried about.
Feels very high quality, the pages are a good weight (but not too heavy), and the size is manageable.
He has a lot more phrases than I expected him to have and his helmet shield retracts with the push of a button.
The final episode's showdown gets brutal between two women as they fight it out in an apartment, throwing each other over counters and through glass doors.
Ordered this for my son.  
It's not perfect, but who cares -- it's a lot of fun.
But she finds that he's a loving caring beast.
I love Disney movies and the digital copy makes watching it anywhere easy.  
The movie was delivered quick and completely protected.
The only problem we have found is that is slips in it easily.  
Whats not to love?!
Are you going to edit out their guns?  
So yes, this was not a highlight of the movie for me.
I like the stainless steel look as it matches our other appliances.  
I like the fact that the bottom is inflated, therefore, it's padded.
The jewelry is cheap plastic.
His mate assures him that among their hundreds of progeny, at least one of them will.
I found it on the shelf, and rented it.
I highly recommend this movie.
Kenai's contentment is about to be shattered when Koda tells the story of his separation from his motherGuilty and horrified, Kenai runs away but Koda soon finds him.
This is a very visual movie, so there's lots of stunning colors to behold and plenty of delicious forest scenery.
for bringing a little piece of the past to us once again.
This one is my daughters favorite.
Watching it in HD, it is just beautiful, with excellent sound.
We get to see just a glimpse into Ms. Johnson's (played wonderfully by Michelle Pfeiffer) experience teaching and dealing with the students.  
The included brick "picker" is nice to have to get some of the previously mentioned little parts off of things like base plates.
There are the usual stereotypes at play but the entertainment is there and my kids laugh out loud at the scenarios between Sebastian and the chef.  
The actors are superb, the costumes, the effects, the fights, the location, Pirates ( yeah!).  
lol Great characters, grand animation, but the story line could have been better I thought.
If you are both, as I am, this is a must own!
Great Family Movie, great family fun.
This movie is cute but didn't seem to be a favorite.
This movie is such a delight.
Actually I am enjoying it even more now.
The comforter is thin but good for his age.
Great actor and always good story lines and family entertainment.
She love it and for the price is great buy.
Our children have loved watching the movie and I don't mind watching it over and over again.
A lecture by Howard Ashman, who was the lyricist for `The Little Mermaid'.
We got this as a gift so I am stuck with an useless toy.
I might have looked too much into it but it seemed like some scenes mirrored parts in the Lion King (just certain small scenes like them looking sitting atop a cliff overlooking a valley as the sun is setting while they are telling each other a life lesson).
This ts such a great movie about friendships and how women should be there for each other.  
There is nothing exciting, special or unique about it.
Tom Hollander was better in this film than the second one, and the extended cameos from Keith Richard and Chow Yun Fat were also excellent.
I never even owned it on DVD.
We had to return this and get another present for the child.
AT LEAST 25 TIMES.  
My boys have been dancing around and singing the songs the Indians sang.
If you haven't read the books, you'll never know and probably love the movie even more.
Made  well for his almost 2 year old little hands.
Original Theatrical Releasec.
or she is watching an animated feature.
You have to have this for your Oso fan!
After losing his wife and many children by a bigger fish, Marlin, has become extremely protective over Nemo.
Monsters University is a look at the relationship between Mike and Sulley during their days at Monsters University -- when they weren't necessarily the best of friends in this sort of prequel to Monsters INC.I thought the original Monsters INC movie was one of the better animations movies going, with a good funny story that made me as an adult laugh.  
My daughter who is 4 is in love with Little Mermaid, so I bought the game just for that aspect, but my 8 year old son and other 6 year old daughter love it too.
so it's not distracting if you want to focus on the regular film.  
So it's been all pirates, all day, every day in our house for a while.  
Anytime you watch the film and press pause, you get a random interactive moment during the menu pause.
They tend to be better when Disney makes them quickly instead of 40 years later.
This Blu-ray version of Pinocchio is in a "DVD package" meaning, it is in the black case that most DVDs come in, BUT IT CONTAINS THE SAME 3 DISKS as the "Blu-ray Packaging" version!It includes...Disk 1: BLU RAY VERSION of Pinocchio!Disk 2: BLU RAY "BONUS FEATURES" (including "No Strings Attached: The Making of Pinocchio" documentary in HIGH DEFINITION!Disk 3: regular "DVD" version of Pinocchio (which makes a good back-up, or one the kids can use while you store the more valuable Blu-ray version in a safer place.
They are silky feeling, easy to wash, and look great.  
What can i  say its a Disney cartoon, who does not like anything Disney, its brings me back to my childhood when i watch mickey and friends.
The Lion King - Imax VersionIII.
The cake is long gone, the toys are still here and going strong.
It has been hard to get the slit on the arrow to stay on the bowstring, but as their fine motor skills develop, it should be ok.  
Few animated films of any kind boast such an on-target cast, from the stars to the always great character actors and voice actors who fill out the company.
They're good representations, and since my son wanted them for standalone play, they will work just fine.
The game I'd a lot of fun to play with but it is recommended for younger kids and for girls.
I love this movie because so many children and adults can relate to the characters and story.
I have seen the movie before so I knew I loved the movie.  
Hence, Sulley is a master scarer and Mike is his handler for the city's power company.  
It's a credit to the director that the story is told just right---there's a steady buildup of tension as the price this man is forced to pay in order to do what he thinks is right escalates.  
The feelings of nostalgia crept through me as my daughter watch the movie.
`Monsters Inc.' was one of the first Pixar films to really grab my interest as an adult.  
This is PIXAR at its very best!
It's an absolute favorite and I still enjoy watching it.  
Also very funny!
I must watch this at least once each year.
It's not very substantial, I guess, if how I'd put it.
Great for the entire family.
There has never been a traditional swashbuckler that had anything to do with China or Asia at all.
Love these movie, with new restoration, and new special feature.
Again, just my opinion, think what you will.
The offspring is named Nemo, a name his mother had liked, and we meet the lively youngster as he enthusiastically prepares for his first day of school.
I've never had a blow up infant tub without a drain!
I always loved Ariel.
I remember the Tahitian belly and fire dancers back when it was all the rage and it was a kick to relive it in this nostalgic look back in time.
ALSO TEACHES THEM THE CONSEQUENCES FOR THERE ACTIONS.
The humor is still funny, and we find ourselves laughing along with Statler and Waldorf when it isn't. :-)
Plush Rocket toy from the well known show!Fairly well constructed for the price.
I bought this for my 6-year-old daughter for Christmas to go with her talking Jessie doll.  
Filmed in the Bahamas.
so she has a hard time standing up.  
However, my twin girls scratched it up and so instead of buying a new Blu Ray, I just decided to purchase this on Amazon Instant and I have no regrets!
Seriously, who could not love this show??
Press pause on your movie and find out!
the kids are 4-7 and this is just to small for kids that are not responsible as yet in picking up all the little parts.
Really cannot put the product down, always using it from time to time and cannot stop My love for Peter Pan.
Like everyone else I want the whole series of the Swamp Fox, but after seeing the price of discontinued or rare  "Disney Treasures" go through the roof, I thought I better make my move before I was sorry.  
My grandson doesn't like it as much as my kids did, but he will when he is older.  
Peter Pan returns to the nursery of Wendy, Michael, and John Darling after losing his shadow.
The motor that turns the Tinkerbell or Ballerina is very loud.
Jonathan Taylor Thomas and the other young actors do a swell job here.
The remainder of this rating is for Amazon..
The movie is light hearted fun and I highly recommend this for those who like off beat humor.
it was in excitement condition, the size was right on and my son loved it!!
The colors look amazing and the detail is so remarkable that if you look closely you can see the pencil strokes in the drawn characters beneath the ink.
When you shake the game board,  it moves the treasures around so every time you play it is different.
I bought these to decorate our kitchen for our daughter's 3rd birthday.  
These planes are little but they are cute and my son loves them.
but this was very inexpensive and will do the job for dress up.
Certainly a must have in my book!!
It's hard to go wrong with a Disney Pixar movie but there are some that are better than others.
It also does not have a bottom plug to drain it so you have to dump it each time.
It is the tale of a perpetual boy who never seems to grow up, the forever child inside of most men.
There are plenty of special features on the 2 discs; however, I dropped it one star as it doesn't have a commentary track other than for the deleted scenes.
I didn't used to think this way.
Enjoyable, I love Ann Hathaway and Julie Andrews.  
It is fortunate that Joaquin Phoenix was available at the time to do the voice of Kenai; it is an excellent performance.
I never thought I would be able to find one in the original case.
another one off the list.  
Nice to find the Doc is out now it used to be hard to find things with her.
We watch it together and she loves Belle!
He is faced with decisions on whether his cause for justice is truly worth what he is forcing himself and his family to go through, and it makes you think about what you would do in a similar situation.
This movie was fun to watch the kids acted real
Alternate Version: "Be Our Guest"3.
I just want to say that the BLU RAY transfer is really gorgeous and comparable to some of the best Disney BDs I own, such as Beauty and the Beast and Alice in Wonderland (1951).The whole color palette is signature Disney and really pops in 1080p.
It celebrates life and love and beauty.  
I still enjoy watching all the series Disney has given box sets to, but I have to admit Ducktales isn't my favorite anymore
The original two-hour pilot aired in primetime a few days before the series began airing in the weekday afternoons.
This is one of my favorite Disney movies and, until Princess and the Frog, it was my absolute favorite.  
the elevator only works when i move it up or down, its too hard for my 3 year old.
This series is the one of the best.
This is not one of those discs where you won't be able to tell the difference between BD and DVD.
Ended up buying the Lennox jewelry box instead, but still have this thing around.....
Love the freedom it gives to kids to dream and fantacize amazing adventures.  
As one of the few female characters from that earlier Disney era who wasn't a princess, the character of Wendy is very interesting.  
Ellen D. is absolutely hysterical as the forgetful fish in this cartoon, not to mention the premise was great as well.  
My 3 year old daughter chose this one over the other Merida dolls.
A great addition to any Disney lovers collection!!
I am not sure about what was special about the Diamond edition but it's the old mermaid movie I remember from my childhood
Was I a young kid then?
This movie is totally mediocre and insane!
They found the characters engaging and the story entertaining.
A fish with a disability, one smaller fin than the other, must face amazing obstacles in hopes of being reunited with his single parent father.  
The only snag lies in the story, which is half-baked at best, cripplingly over-ambitious at worst and even occasionally, inexcusably, dull.
But, as with any familiar recipe, it's easy to enjoy yet another preparation of it if done well.
The humor is actually a little weak, especially when compared to the more risqu overtones made famous by prime competition DreamWorks.  
This is not a movie for children, most would probably find it boring; it is a thought provoking movie for adults and I recommend it highly.
THIS WAS ONE OF THE FAVORITES, HE TALKS AND THAT WAS JUST THRILLING FOR THE LITTLE ONES TO HEAR.
As a king time fan of both Disney and Pixar I felt let down with this movie.
Of all the "modern" kid's movies (where modern = came out since my childhood), this is my absolute favorite.  
I know I left a lot of the story out
Like I said before, Beauty & The Beast is my favorite Disney movie, but this is definitely my second favorite now.  
Marnie is to look over a group of "exchange" students from Halloweentown that are trying to blend in with the humans, while keeping an eye out for knights lurking in the shadows that are trying to make sure Marnie and her family will lose their magic for good.
fun for the entire family.
Well built, belly smells like strawberries, soft fur.  
He gets caught in a trap, but is freed by a chatty bear cub named Koda (voiced by Jeremy Suarez).
This movie has great narration by Stephen Fry and is funny at the right moments, awkward at the right moments and totally British Sci-Fi at the right moments.
Amazingly, he was married to the same woman for more than 50 years - a true rarity for anyone in the movie/TV industry.
the do thire job on time.i well buy form them.i well wich the moves on my dvd or ps3 play
Memories of childhood all over again.  
WORKING FOR THEM DECIDES TO COME FOWARD AND TELL THE TRUTH ABOUT THE INDUSTRY AFTER HE WATCHES THE CEO'S LIE AS THEY TESTIFY BEFORE CONGRESS.
Dumbo is adorable and I like all the sound options.
Great that it is soft so she can play with it and also sleep with it
Pandemonium breaks out as the townsfolk react to the claim that the sky is falling.  
This has been and always will be my favorite Disney movie.
The second extra is titled "The Story behind the Story" which not only relates some of the biography of Hans Christian Andersen himself but also the genesis of the actual Disney film through its history.  
It has a little chemically smell at first but goes away.
Quality construction and washable.  
5 Stars!.Alice In Wonderland (Two-Disc 60th Anniversary Blu-ray/DVD Combo)
This has come down in price since I purchased it last year.
Thankfully Amazon was the only place I could still find copies of it.
While Clayton and Professor Porter go looking for gorillas, Jane is sidetracked by a little monkey who stills her artwork drawings.
It'd hate to think this movie sponsors and encourages bad behavior and abuse.  
So far this toy has been dropped and crashed into the floor and other trucks he has and he hasnt managed to break it yet
Robot Robbers:  After the incident with Armstrong, Gyro builds giant human-operated robots for Glomgold, only to have them be stolen and operated by Ma Beagle and the Beagle Boys.  
If you have watched many of Disney's animated movies, you probably know that most of them are about boy loves girl, and that there is usually some evil in-between that does not want boy to marry girl.
My grandson loves the figures.  
Disney gives what is most likely one of its most beloved modern classics the Blu-ray and 3D treatment finally.
I have been a huge fan of this show ever since I was a kid.
She plays with them a lot.
Helen Mirren is a classy actor, and the rest of the cast super.
They love Chip and Dale, and it's fun to relive childhood memories with them.
Next I will try the egg idea.
Nice family movie!
"Beauty and the Beast", originally released in 1991, became the first, and so far only, animated film to be nominated for an Oscar for Best Film.
Soft and shiny but not that metallic fabric that flakes.
A true classic christmas story for the young at heart.
I got it dirt cheap and i know why it is not that good
The song that is played is extremely short and it has an awkward break in the middle where the song starts over again.  
Don't buy it and don't waste your money renting it.
Considering most movies seem to be geared towards girls, this is a nice alternative for my son.  
She walks around singing, "In Summer" broadway style.  
If your child isn't familiar with the Disney Princess movies, this game will be frustrating.
there is a sound that bothers me a lot and  the video quality is ok.did not like the little annoying sound it came with!
This Eloise movie is not an animated one.
And with this immaturity, it's hard to believe that she would find her true love when she is just sixteen.
But the audio is still fantastic as the music sounds so much crisper than it has ever sound before.
The characters are all memorable, but for some reason this film does drag a bit at times.
It is a very well made toy that I think will last for a very long time.
This Woody doll is exactly as the Toy Story movie.  
My husband and I have different buying philosophies when it comes to buying toys for the kids (I've been around kids all my life and his first encounter with kids was when we had our first), and this is something that I would've never purchased for my kids - even prior to owning it, I just never would have looked at it.
In my opinion, although I prefer the ten-minute episodes, this movie isn't as bad as that.
It is an amazing piece of work.  
Louwhiney tricks Gadget into running survival tests for her, and Gadget learns that she has to choose one plan and stick with it.  
However, tragedy strikes, and only Marlin and one, lonely egg survives.
So when the opportunity to adopt "a real dog" (a Great Dane he appropriately names Brutus) comes along, all hell breaks loose.
There have been several movies made from Twain's novels, and this one is a fairly decent retelling.
Banderas plays a quality role and is fun to watch and learn.
Thanks for reading and have a nice day!
It's not HD
Bambi's deadbeat dad makes a brief appearance telling him to "man up" never to be see again.
I bought this for my daughter after taking her to go see Wreck it Ralph.
He has shallow women and rum.
My wife and I had never been on any portion of Route 66, which inspired many of the settings in Cars, and seeing the film motivated us to take a trip to northern Arizona, where we drove a long section of the original Route 66 and saw some of the sights that the film was based on.
an I recommend this to any age.
This is one of the new Disney villain dolls that the Disney store is selling, for about $14.50(though I got her on sale for 10$) she is the coolest out of the new dolls they sell.
The pieces are sturdy and big, its easy for my daughter to assemble.
This is a silly good ole comedy.
(usually he's begging to play with them)  =)
wait till i get it before asking me to review it.
But I wanted to say a little something.
I recommend this to young and old.
You like the money, Jeffrey?
A movie distributed domestically by Disney about magical shape-shifting Japanese raccoons with super-powered ball-sacks??I so had to get this movie.
Glad I didn't buy it.
The film progresses over the course of the following days, as the arrival of "Christmas Eve Eve", and eventually concludes at "Christmas Eve".
I got mine elsewhere for less than half the Amazon price.[Update 17 Oct 2013] Bumped up the review to three stars because I contacted Cloud B and they sold me the soundbox for the Sleep Sheep for just a sawbuck!  
This is the Disney animated Tarzan, and it's darn good.
I didn't have to worry, the scary stuff was done in such a way that he ended up laughing before he had the chance to be scared.  
Disappointed seeing I paid $65 for this seasons hot toy.
Barring that, I would rate the audio strictly 3 out of 5.(Listened to with an Onkyo 7 channel surround receiver and Definitive Technology speakers.)So long and thanks for all the fish!
This is such an adorable movie!  
Finding Nemo is a great movie right?  
My son and his father are obsessed with this movie.
Is the plot way too complicated, yes.
The only thing I don`t like the bottom is very slippery
For me, this has always been one of the movies that reinvigorated the Disney line of movies after a number of years of ones that I always felt were not as good as ones previous.
Plus they like to touch it and look at the princesses.
Aside from the three presentations, you have a lot of bonus material (and I mean a lot!!).In disc one you have an audio-commentary, a conversation with legend compososer Alan Menken and a feature that's called Broadway Beginnings which features different stage actors that have been part of the Beauty and the Beast musical on Broadway.
I have a cowgirl Barbie doll and I have found her hat SO many places.
If you like to read books I also recommend the book as well.
This may be my favorite of all the animated Disney films.
The curiosity sparked by that question ultimately led me over the next two years to accumulate every version of Alice in Wonderland still in existence.
This is the element of the movie that every child loves.
Loud enough to enjoy, but not be annoying.  
This sort of feature appeared on the recent Blu-ray of Alice in Wonderland and it is a terrific experience.
A great film for a great price, from a talented director."I saved Latin.
It was made at a time before the computer, when animated cels, frames, and backgrounds were all drawn by hand but with such enthusiasm and creativity.
We got this for our daughter that wears 4t and the box says 4t-6x- NO WAY!
I did take the brushes away, as they are tiny and I don't want my 2 year old to eat them.
The 3D was excellent and made the movie fun to watch again.
You should all be proud of yourselves for breaking many young hearts.
I bought the princess folding seat for my daughter 2 1/2 years ago to use while on vacation.  
My 3 year old calls this toy Eugene though.
Artists who contributed voiceovers here include:Edgar Bergen - Himself, Charlie McCarthy and Mortimer SnerdLuana Patten - HerselfCliff Edwards - Jiminy CricketWalt Disney/Jimmy MacDonald- Mickey MouseClarence Nash - Donald DuckPinto Colvig - GoofyBilly Gilbert - The GiantAnita Gordon - Singing HarpDinah Shore - Singer/Narrator of BongoBased on a Sinclair Lewis short story, BONGO is about a bear cub that escapes from a circus for some adventures in the wild.
But it is hardly worth trying to follow: the alliances will shift again in five minutes.
My daughter loves all things Disney Princess
I understand the plot about McQueen getting to be sponsored by an oil company but seriously?
Disney is a master in restoring its classic films and Bambi is no exception.
It may not tap into the primal majesty of Arnold Fanck and Leni Riefenstahl's once-hugely popular German `berg' films of the Thirties, but Disney's 1959 live-action feature Third Man on the Mountain is a rather splendid family-friendly adventure that benefits from a stronger story and characterisation.
I purchased the Regalo My Cot Portable Bed for our granddaughter to use for nap time and wanted a pillow and blanket for her to use.  
What we need to know is if the DVD or Blu-ray is good.
As for this movie, she's funny as Peaches, the spunky friend and side kick of Shame.
I am still waiting for this movie to come out on Blu-Ray.
Probably until the next generation format is released.  
It will grow on you.
The effort for Marlin to rescue Nemo becomes an epic.
Jada Pinkett Smith brought life to a role that would have been bland without her talents.
They are plastic, the details aren't very nice, and the wheels aren't great.
Our three year old loved the monsters.
This is one of the best movies of this type.
We found a hole but were unable to patch it up so that it stayed inflated since the break was in a crease in the plastic material.  
We had a laugh or two watching it.
but it's the nostalgia of society's collective switch in thinking (from the scenery of iconic Route 66 being traded for the efficiency of the superhighway) that I found most prolific this time around.
She loves to do multiple changes when she is playing, and this hinders her ability to play and do things herself, and that hasn't been that much fun for her.
I was never a big fan of this movie, but this generation deals well with the fantasy of this story and it's characters.
You won't be disappointed :)
This was back when Martin Freeman was a relatively unknown actor, before he became super famous as Bilbo Baggins.
Hair looks great too!
And 'Bermuda Triangle Tangle' is a nice sea story.
Ellen DeGeneres steals the show as Dory.
Will enjoy this movie for a long time.
I love how detailed these figures are right down to the ruffles in their dresses and Jasmine's makeup and jewelry.
And crying in a certin sceen.
Ok for all ages.
We now store the outfits and jewelry in a basket so she can see everything better.
So there's enough extras to satisfy just about anyone.
Don't let your mind be rotted by Tim Burton's commercialist adaptation with dancing Depp when you can experience a masterpiece of visual art, music, and storytelling from Walt Disney himself.  
However, Disney pulls out all the stops when preparing and cleaning up prints of their movies for release.  
This was the perfect size for my niece who's 4 yrs old.
But she also enjoys simply wearing the Tiara, bracelet, and ring and being a princess.
Launchpad works to avenge his family's honor by rallying the old veterans to a "rematch" of sorts against the reenactors.  A-23.  
I think she's probably my favorite Disney heroine.
She still loves Ariel.
A great introduction for Matt.  A11.
& he was sooo happy when he opened up the package & saw Special Agent Oso. :)
It is that good.
My son was so excited to get the package,when we opened it he could not stop smiling.
I think it made him sad to think he had to all alone.  
I decided to keep this review personal, and completely non-objective, because, well, I cant be objective with this film, its too near and dear to me to do that, so yes, I am biased, but please, be biased with me? :)
Monsters, Inc. (Pete Docter, 2001)[originally posted 14Nov2001]Docter gets his feature-length directorial debut after working behind the scenes on Pixar's Toy Story films.
I will purchase this item again it worked great
"The Insider" is still a relevant and compelling film as it was back in 1999, now in 2013.  
The movie itself was very well made and I love that the fact that there was a previously never released a song within this version.*I received a copy of this movie for an honest review, but the receipt of it did not change the review you read above*
In a war with Jason Shwartzman's Max for the heart of a teacher at Rushmore, a school, Murray shows a lighter dark side.
The kids love playing with it and he talks, light lights up (on wings and laser beam), as well as his wings and helmet "whoosh".  
Funny and decent.
His morality questioned by Renard, Goliath is forced to admit something about their previous attack on the air ship, despite being misled by Xanatos.  A-28.  
I was a little worried about the whole "flying" thing with the kids but no problems!
i like both movies
Overall, I am happy I made the purchase because I now have memories of her dancing around singing Christmas songs.....eventually, I may snap the dvd in half though :)
who doesn't like a good disney flick where the princess falls for exactly who you thought she would and somehow true love saves the day?
Overall though, the presentation is definitely a step up from the 2006 edition.
The Bombay Marine, which did hunt pirates, never had any warships remotely as large as a first rate ship of the line with three gun decks and over a hundred guns such as "Endeavour" appears to be in this film.
i was really excited about, thats why i love shopping at amazon, great deals,i wish i could give it more than 5 stars
Found recipe online and will be making large batches to eat and for the freezer.
It's perhaps unfair to judge Disney's "Little Mermaid" against Studio Ghibli's "Ponyo," especially considering the influence the former had on the latter, but there you have it: The world has moved on, and "Ponyo" is the better movie not only for its more charming animation style and creative story alterations, but for its change in attitude toward women and girls.
All loyalty to Pan seems gone.
so you are anxious to see the next program.  
The Ice Screamer monster truck broke 2 days after getting this item, so far the others have held up.
We received this toy as a birthday gift, and I was looking forward to my 3-year old daughter receiving it.
Ariel's Amazing Treasures, and they complement each other well, being that Ariel is a mermaid in one and a person in the other.  
this has always been my faVE fairytale!
Sad, sad, sad...his face is....and I am like, "Oh, grow up."
The sheets are very soft (not scratchy and cheap feeling like most other character bedding I've considered buying in stores).The only thing I don't like is that the pillowcase bigger than normal (but still very cute & very soft).My daughter loves her new bedding!!
This is just another beautifully made film by Pixar and Monsters, Inc. is no exception.  
Santa brought her this item this year and mom and dad are a little disappointed with it's quality.
What's not to love about this childhood classic?
Could have given more time to Sydney role in this famous Mark Twain story.
This movie is about a young maiden named Belle who loves to read and eventually has to rescue her father from an enchanted castle where an evil prince has been transformed to a beast, and the subjects have been transformed into clocks, candlesticks and other objects.  
It is an incredible film.
He wants a seat with the Alliance and will purchase it at any cost.
They just don't make them like they used to.
my kid like this movie I quess, or at least that is what she tells me.so it is all good
It must be what she wanted as we have heard no complaints.
I felt set up to react in extremely narrow ways rather than given space to draw my own conclusions.
but it said that it would be the basic clothes
Now this is an entire full on movie classic of fun and laughter.
Martin Freeman is terrific as Arthur Dent.  
No more comments about the movie.
Based on my (decades-old) memories of seeing this in the theater, I was fully expecting a sugar overload.
My daughter just loves this play set.
So did baby!
This car was bought as one of many we gave our son for christmas.  
I like the creativity too.
I went downstairs to check on her about twenty minutes later and while she was loving life with the new Jasmine doll I quickly noticed that she was COVERED in glitter.  
My 2.5 year old just watched this and it's currently her movie of choice.
Watch it on a rainiy day when you can cuddle on the couch with your kids or grandkids.
Likewise, despite Captain Hook's vow to sail away from Neverland it's hard to imagine his pirate crew existing anywhere else.
Everytime I watch this movie it just slays me!  
recommend this movie if you have little kids!
I almost wish they'd make a 3rd one.
Great rendition of the Tarzan movies
oh yes, and a "Boo" as well !!!!
Joaquin Phoenix is replaced by Patrick Dempsey, only a breath away from his big TV splash as TV as "McDreamy.
I had previously purchased a "Grey market" copy of it from Ebay.
He is ostensibly there to protect them and to be their guide in the jungle, but it turns out he wants to take the gorillas back to England for zoos, at a fat profit for himself.
My niece didn't like it....
Funny thing is the worst Pixar film is still A grade material compared to most other animated features released.
Then you have the "Inside Walt's Story Meetings-Enhanced Edition".
Based on Scottish playwright J. M Barrie's stage show, Peter Pan thrills as a program for young people and adults alike with its approach of exploring one's imagination through positive encouragement.
I made my kids watch it and now I can share it with my grand children.
Definitely a great puchase for me.  
I did expect the area where he sits to be non-slip, but it's not.
If you like the Gargoyles series it's worth the buy, but nothing can beat the first season
So in turn I always loved the original Peter Pan movie.
Our little one is a tall baby
But I've never been too into real cars, and I loved this movie.
I feel one of best Disney classics ever made that is truly wonderful for the whole family to watch.
& he has Really good taste.all our favorite car/people cliches are there: the hippy dippy van, the lost suburbanites are superb as suburbans, mater, the small town, goober pyle, tow truck....& for some odd reason, the firetruck is shy....go figger.it's a slick flick adults can dig with the kiddies.
Two are taking her to bed when thy go to sleep.
This is where a short would have been very nice.
I remember watching it as a kid in the 1990s and was nothing but enthralled by the color and art direction.
You have the option to watch the theatrical version (which I prefer, personally) or the extended edition that's about roughly 10 extra minutes of new scenes.
If you are wondering whether to upgrade from the DVD, I say definately YES.
It's a "guys" movie, as the female characters are incidental.  
What I did notice is that for the first half of the film, the lines seem to have been drawn with a dark brown color.
I will share it with my students, after they read the book.
The special features are just amazing, the story hits all bulls eyes, and everything else is just done incredibly.  
The movie moves away from the book at some points(as movies must) but, still keeps the feeling of the story as well as the time and place where the story is set.
i re-rented this, i saw it a long time ago and thought it was hilarious, but i saw it again and, well it isnt that funny
Enter fair maiden.
It is a wonderful movie and I definitely should have paid full price for this on the Disney website because this deal was not worth the wait or the crappy product.
As I said, a pity!
I love every bit of the movie and so does he.
and it came on time although the middle piece broke
They each come with a  little stand for them because they are "flying" and don't really have a sturdy bottom to stand otherwise.  
My fault I didn't check, but I'm not completely happy with this purchase.  
There is a game of croquet using...flamingos and moles!
Fairly graphic but mostly tastefully done deaths.
Next toFantasia, Bambi is probably one of the most visually artistic films of the Walt Disney animated library.
This is just like the Woody toy in the movie and is the perfect size for a  little one.
In the old Johnny Weismueller movies, Jane stayed with him in the jungle.
Flawed people and unusual dialogue and situations; that's a Wes Anderson film at its core.
It's simply a captivating motion picture: from the striking opening shot of a castle deep in the woods, you are riveted to the screen until the closing shot of a stained glass.
It means that I will most likely watch it on more than just the initial occasion.
Much better than my tv's 2D to 3D conversion.  
Er, "awesome" does the job in one.
But it arrived with a dent in it already.
She got hooked on them after playing the Palace Pets' game on our iPad.
I believe that's the make of the DVD, though, and not anything actually wrong with the product.
Noisy, brash, contemptible, and saddled with a hero who is repulsive.
And boys are mostly completely oblivious to all that.
It has so many great messages, including human treatment of marine life and parents "not letting anything happen" to their kids.  
James MacArthur as the young man was perfect,I think this is one of his best roles.
It was a gift
This Movie was of World War II, and was a true story, about how people escaped the Nazi Terror.
It's a costume drama well-worth seeing.
Antonio Banderas gives a fine performance - as does the entire cast in my opinion.
it's only a dream---------------All the Alice reviews in this series are on Listmania:1) Click on my user name2)
He had a copy of it years ago, but it was lost when we moved.  
hard to find movies like this.
I love the animated movies!  
My daughter love it.
One of the women, Ruth (Penelope Wilton), is attacked for her participation in the project by her husband--and she subsequently finds he has been having an affair behind her back for quite some time.  
yes this a good movie its abiut finding yourself meaning of life and family its very entraing movie you should watch and family
Very good for small girls, because the dresses come in two pieces.
This outside view helped make the whole thing palatable to those of us that aren't quite comfortable with all the princess myths that confront our daughters.
Now, on to this release.
We have a number of clubhouse accessories and only Mickey and Minnie have come with anything.  
Needed a copy of this in DVD format as I had it in VHS.  
Find that I always give myself very good advice but seldom follow it as well.
Wow, I remember Chip 'n Dale rescue rangers it was one of my favorites to watch growing up in early 1990's and it is still a classic to watch again it never gets bored at all.
I purchased this for my 3yo's Halloween costume.  
Had to have it on Blu-Ray so we could get rid of the pirated copy we had!
It is very well made and has survived every night of sleep and every day of being dragged all over inside and out, not to mention a few rounds in the washer and dryer!!
At the same time, we were struck by how modern computer-generated animation has so leap-frogged the earlier hand-animated graphics that we found ourselves seeing the contrast throughout the movie.  
In the show, they all work together to fight against Air Pirates, and many different kinds of criminals.
Also when I actually played this dvd disc it skips and appears to have a little bit of scratch marks on it.
Then they twinkle with lights.  
We all had a wonderful time watching it.  
Play is made by guessing the princess that matches a clue on the card.  
Bambi, known as "The Prince of the Forest," is seen from birth through adulthood, surround by his friends of the forest, Thumper (a rabbit) & Flower (a skunk).
He wasn't even born yet when this movie was released, but as soon as he was old enough to pay attention to a full length movie (around 2 years old) he watched this one, and has been hooked ever since.  
Wayne Szalinki's (Rick Moranis's) two-year old toddler son Adam(and
Nothing is logical because it's the stuff of dreams.
If you have a blu-ray player you have to get this movie.
(banging my head against wall) !!!
Presented in standard definition and was included in the original 2002 DVD.*
She became obsessed with collecting each of the CARS.  
the magic of Disney!  
But the lush "Golden Afternoon" is the envy of any Sweet-Adelines chorus.
This cartoon is geared up to become a Disney Classic.
He enjoys them and goes through spurts of playing with them.  
If you don't own Bambi, the Blu Ray edition is the way to go, but you might want to hold onto your Platinum edition as well.
I was worried about the purchase because of all the negative reviews BUT I am glad I did.
I went back to old way of just putting her in tub with nothing but toys.
I finally threw it in the trash.
I did not see it in 3D when it came out last year so I cannot comment on that.  
But sadly Bambi's mother dies.
One of the top twenty American Films of the Nineties.
I somewhere saw this movie back around the time it was made in 1999, then bought the VHS tape of this as soon as it was available, then the DVD so I consider myself to be a fan.
i really loved the movie alot and also liked the characters in this movie.and i really thought the movie was very well put together
Right away, you can tell that this movie is tying itself directly into the show that it's based on, so a little prior knowledge about the characters couldn't hurt.  
This is cute.
CALLED DISNEY AND REQUESTED FOR THE REMAINING EPISODE TO BE RELEASED.
Cine-Explore: This is a way to see behind the scenes stuff while watching the movie.
Lambie was a Christmas gift for my daughter.  
Disney's story on the other hand is upbeat and full of fun and Prince Eric is a WONDERFUL guy who is a GENTLEMAN and SWEETHEART.
I wouldn't be.  
On a good note, the "wow" factor was worth it!  
They seem to love it as much today as I did yesterday.
That's a hallmark that only the best movies manage.
Degeneres nearly steals the show as the forgetful Dory, and the Sharks in the AA-type meeting are classic.
What is taking so long.
I would recommend.
This film presentation is absolutely like the movie itself.
However, digital media is just not able to handle thin lines correctly.
A very different Christmas movie, but wonderful!
The song strikes to the very depths of your soul.  
This is one of the all time classics.
Speaking personally, I never saw Alice as an everyman type, or an avatar for the viewer.  
Great disney classic on DVD!
Girls Dance Duffle Bag Hot Pink and Black, Gym, Travel and Sleep-over Bag.
Beauty isn't some pretty and helpless girl at the mercy of her mean sisters - she is a strong-spirited and intelligent woman who loves to read, so is a very much likeable character.
Or at least what we would imagine he would have been.  
This sad, funny, elative and high entertaining movie only adds to his value has a Hollywood force with whom to be reckoned.
Gather up the popcorn, settle in with your feet up and relax for a fabulous night of entertainment with the family.  
But, please, don't take my word on that!
(imitator.) Was hilarious too!
nemo back n out 4 reveng, at lest dat wut
There's lots of fun and weird stuff, and the animation was good for its time.
I didnt return, because I ordered it earlier than when it was given as a gift.
Monsters Inc. is still a classic!
This is such a funny and cute flick.
I love this movie and it is wonderful to watch on the big screen.  
I love the scene in "Following the Leader" in which the boys march into a field that towers over their heads.
It is not a movie that my children any time soon because of their age and lack of understanding.  
People may say this is a "man's" movie.
Magicas Magic Mirror:  Magica uses a pair of magic mirrors to try to get Scrooge's Number One Dime.  
And even if the baby wobbles from side to side the it seems that if they were to fall over they wouldn't hit the  hard tub.
I expected something incredible and to tell you the truth, I was pretty much expecting better picture quality in HD and lossless audio quality with the same special features and maybe a new audio commentary and possibly a retrospective featurette, but Disney has surpassed my expectations by giving us way more than what we would have expected for this film and I'm impressed and also very grateful.
They were extremely nice and responsive, it's a great company.  
Like any youngster, he's curious about his surroundings.
My little ones both enjoyed the 3D experience.  
Disney was at his best then.
but I feel like it lacked substance overall.  
3" DVD.What is with the redundancy?
I never saw this movie before recently.
but I'd bet there are younger kids than that playing with this set.  
The only thing wrong with this movie would be not to watch it!!!
Pure garbage TV.
There's a girl yearning for adventure, an Indian princess, a beautiful sparkling fairy, and mermaids for the younger female audiences out there.
The White Rabbit has always been my favorite character.  
(He is nearly 8) Once switched, they do stay securely with some good strong velcro at the back.  
No one can top it for imagination, voices, acting, gags, music, visuals and sheer entertainment.  
WHAT'S IN THE BOX: 4 Tiaras 4 Rings 4 Bracelets 1 Big Heart Jewel 40 Jewels 200 Cards (1 1/2" x 2 1/4") 1 Rules ManualHOW TO PLAY: Object: Be the first player to fill up your tiara, bracelet, and ring with gems!
We have little kids (under 4) and this was a great find because in one purchase we have costumes for all of them.  
The Toy Story(s) perhaps, Monsters Inc. maybe, even Finding Nemo for those so inclined and yet it took a under-whelming sequel followed by a revisit to the DVD I thought I knew well to realize that the first Cars is the epitome of all that Pixar has come to mean to modern animation.
One of the best films in history.
Ideal for children of all ages.
Luckily it wasn't edited or changed to make it any less-racist, so it's still the Peter Pan you remember :-)  
It looks like the characters were drawn yesterday.
But, in other ways, I was surprised that it was just as magical as it had been in my memories.  
It is a great syfy comdy movie.
In fact, when her father gets lost on the way to a fair and ends up the prisoner of a beast in an enchanted castle, Belle loves him so much she offers herself in exchange.  
All in all, a very flat production that I regretfully can't recommend.
Nobody makes cartoons like Pixar!If The Incredibles, Finding Nemo, Up, Toy Story, and Wall-E aren't the greatest computer-animated films ever made, blending humor, heart, and smart entertainment, then I'll eat my hat!Cars could also be added to the list, as it seems that young boys between the age of 3-7 cannot STOP watching it!
I love these kinds of movies.  
I won't go into the plot.
It's just plain old fun.
Hours of fun building with my 4.5 yr old
It's one of those animated films that both kids and grown-ups love.
A better than average animated movie with lovable characters, good story, with a good balance between comedy, suspense, and drama.
Second Star to the Right - T-SquadClassic Backstage Disney (from previous release):*
I watched many episodes when it was aired and like being able to watch it from the beginning and in proper order.  
In the process we get a special and tender glimpse at the world of monsters and we see them come to a more docile understanding of their own existence.
I dont bother to deflate it ever, but it is light, easy enough to drain by simply tipping it into the shower, easy enough to clean by using our showerhead, as simple to dry as just leaning it against the shower wall, and simple enough to store in the corner of the bedroom behind her changing table.
the score was intrusive and threw me off....
if you know it - its everything you know, if you dont - well its about time you watch it!:)
and she has many of the other Disney play sets in addition to this one.
I bought this for my 3 year old as a Christmas gift.
Unfortunately, pig-headed brute Gaston has other plans and is not hesitant to exploit Belle's father to do it.
A must own for all (except impressionable little children), 5 stars!
I'm glad it did.  
I really see no difference from the DVD version of this film.  
I would recommend this comforter!
Visually, Beauty and the Beast is a triumph.
Such a great movie.
There's nothing I even need to say about this movie.  
A 2 year old can play with these as long as they don't put things in their mouths.
This is a classic movie, and somehow my kids have never seen it!  
Anyone else notice this?
I bought this for my two and a half year old niece and she wants to wear it ALL the time.
And who doesn't love this movie?!
Bottom line, buy it.
Today, this is a great way to start any child, young adult into history.  
Throw in Randy Newman providing the soundtrack and you've got one of the best movies for kids.  
Quite surprisingly, the characters in CARS aren't very nice to one another, or, for that matter, nice at all.
It is one of those few films I reach for whenever it is a rainy day and I am looking for something to lift my spirits, or when I need to see something inspiring.
The story follows the book reasonable close.
The pictures are definitely adorable and vibrant, so I gave it 2 stars.
An adventurous cartoon with adventuresome characters,  ideal for kids but with enough wit and goofy maturity for parents to enjoy as well.  
Great for kids of all ages.
But i still enjoyed the music.
It was immediately obvious that a new genius of the order of Walt Disney had come along, because here was a film that almost stood abreast of his greatest creation Pinocchio, that most completely wonderful movie..
He sits in a Chrysler 300 convertible and listens to a news broadcast about the launch of Sputnik.
These are not made very well.  
I was a fan when it first aired, largely because it featured some engaging performances by the principles and because the producers were able to create some fun (albeit it often wholly preposterous) storylines on a limited TV budget.
There is nothing better than a movie made for 3D originally, this was always a great animated movie to begin with.  
This puzzle was worked by my 3 yr old grandchild.  
That's not easy to do!  
Trying to prepare him so I can watch the newest movie.
The Disneyland Story disc includes construction and the famous scene where Mr. Disney himself helps construction crew with physical labor and saying, "if you want things done right, sometimes you have to do it yourself."
"Sir Gyro De Gearloose" has Gyro with the three boys back in time in the medieval ages, "Dinosaur Ducks" has Scrooge exploring the lost world where caveducks and dinosaurs still exist then followed by "Hero for Hire" has Launchpad with Junior Woodchuck scout sidekick Doofus to work for the Beagle Boys on being fake heroes only to do bad things for them.
The colors were vibrant and and the picture was very clean.
when *someone* makes the baby look through it), a pretend compass, and the headband.  
The Pencil Version of Human again is play four times.
The only part I was not as crazy about is that it is only printed on one side but my granddaughter loves them.
This is a great story, but the 3D conversion is disappointing.
Softer then I thought it would be and comforter sheet isn't too thick for my 20 month old.
A nice funny film.
If she can find a true love, she gets her voice back.
It is made of polyester, so it can be machine washed.
The horse looks AMAZING, with every detail adhered to closely.  
and i mean i highly recomend it.
tale!Like The Wild, Valiant, and Bolt, Chicken Little represents that period where Disney and Pixar's relationship was quite strained and "the Diz" was doing all they could to prove to the public (and to themselves) that they could pull off a computer-generated masterpiece without the help of Pixar.
Especially fun for people who love animals.
The film is absolutely riveting for its 2-and-a-half hours, filled with strong characters and a level of complexity that's never hard to follow.
This two movie set was done by Walt Disney starring Fess Parker as Davy Crockett.  
This reindeer is any stuffed animal collection and even more so for those who enjoyed Sven from the movie!
These elements of the film are so good, in fact, that it honestly hurts me to say something as seriously negative as I am going to say about it.
Some critical reviews of the film called it even better than its predecessor, and that is mostly the consensus opinion of today: that Pinocchio is indeed a better film than Snow White in almost every way.
I wouldn't buy it at huge expense, but if it's going cheap, definitely worth it.
Presented in standard definition and was included in the original 2002 DVD.
but she really loved getting this over Xmas.
Don't miss it.
The line that stays with me the longest is that of the CEO of the program's sponsor, very well played by Martin Scorsese, to Dick Goodwin (Rob Morrow), the federal investigator:  "You have to understand that the public has a very short memory," he says with a grin.
We enjoyed building it and, as far as lego sets go, was pretty easy...
I just hope the rest comes out before I pass on.  
I can't think of anything bad to say about this movie.
I love Alice in wonderland.
I bought this for my 8 year old son for his birthday since he kind of loves shows/movies like this plus its a show I grew up with and loves.
The show is  "laugh out loud" funny.
A feel that if it were possible this is the way they would emote.
When an accident gives the Dr. Ohm temporal powers, he uses his powers to do an end run around the demanding King Pin.
The major pieces are all there, truly, so why didn't I find this picture as rewarding as the rest of the animation house's legendary catalog?
I get exhausted just watching, with everything moving so fast.
He loves it!
However the bear-men they fight are not given any scenes where the audience can know what they are, except for the briefest of scenes, deep in the cave where the Northmen go in to wipe them out.
It is by no means action packed.
I am glad that it is on streaming and that I can download it into my Kindle Fire.
Lots of fun and Holiday stuff for the kids without being too disclosing or full of unchildlike content.
Fits a toddler bed perfectly and the sheets are super cute and very soft!
This is a cool doll and nothing I haft to complain about just that no accessories but her hair is so cool I boiled washed it
Big fan of the series.
She actually sits and stays in position.
It's a very nice coming of age movie.
It comes attached to a base that can be removed with a screwdriver.
Dori is my favorite!
Don't get me wrong everything here is is good shape, but lack the wow factor that we've grown accustomed to in the Treasures line.
I chose to return it as we don't have a VHS player any longer which is why I wanted to replace our current copy with a DVD.  
Dory just kills me man!  
Not much more to say, it's just awesome!!!
Although it is quite hideous for Sofia but my daughter loves it.
That means the directing was done very well even to some movies now days.
The leader seemed a bit subdued and less fierce than what I pictured from the book.  
When my Granddaughter was newborn we would put this on for Her when she would get fussy and she would watch it and quite down.
It is a great pirate adventure.
This is a classic Disney movie that was enjoyed by the kids.  
This enter into the series is what you have come to expect from Jack Sparrow.
It is in this scene that we hear the famous Tarzan yell.
How did I somehow know the story of Alice in Wonderland without having a particular recollection of reading the book?
This clever shake on the old memory game requires more patience and concentration from especially the young ones and teaches mindfulness and increases short-term memory ability for those people playing to win.  
I agreed to get Bullseye.
Great songs that the kids love.
I do not find it entertaining to see a child in distress or doing things that can bring her harm.
CLASSICAL music permeates it which is so different than the mainstream pop/contempo tunes in newer Disney fair.
Smith spends a year engaging in studying wolves at close range, and eventually encounters a herd of caribou, where he witnesses wolves attacking the herd.  
I'm going to take it apart one last time, and if it finally works, I'll repost.
It's the first of many I'm sure, but we'll see as she gets older.
I thought the pieces were well made and of good quality- they had weight to them and didn't feel cheap.
She still dances and the music plays well.
Our granddaughter loved getting this dress and looked so cute in it.  
This plush is very small for the price ( she doesn't even stand as high as a bottle of water if that gives you an idea of size).
I think it is not a very compelling story.  
Kiki's Delivery Service5)
"Throw Mummy from the Train" deals with a reluctant mummy who befriends our heroes as he must return a ring back from him before that person wakes up an ancient demon, next we get " A Wolf in Cheap's Clothing" where a zoo's wolf changes into a human like a werewolf does and Professor Nimhul is taking his wolf place at night to rob banks.
The message, the entertainment, the animation.  
Any problems that I might have with this film stem entirely from its lack of any clear message or moral, and that's merely a personal bias of mine.  
It was fun putting a picture in each month and documenting his growth.  
My 6 year old daughter has a collection of these little Palace Pets.
We love Rescue Rangers, it is one of my husband's favorite childhood shows, and he's passed that onto our kids--they love it too!
When my 8-year-old granddaughter, Madison, said she never saw "BAMBI" I surprised her by ordering it.
Then again, it's hard to make anything about the adorable Sofia The First television and movie series not look cute.
Frankly, after seeing this, I'm very worried about how I'm going to feel when I finally acquire and view Gould's other Disney film from a year later, "The Devil and Max Devlin".
It's a classic romance tale beautiful, epic, and without a major flaw I can see.
My two grand kids couldn't wait to play with Mater & McQueen and watch Cars over & over & over.  
As for the movie, it has twists and turns that are sure to keep you interested and has a very fast pace.
The only way for him to be a great father is to trust that Nemo must do some things - even really hard things on his own.
It is entertaining, nicely done and keeps the kids entertained.
This disc is top notch, with a truly amazing look at the making of the film.
If you have not heard of this outstanding film, give it a try.
Aside from Brooklyn trusting Demona a little too easily, this was great.  
It's a great stuffed animal.
The witch then tells them the 13th warrior should be a stranger, non-Norse.
Then it includes, on the same program opening day disc, the opening of Fantasyland, which is enough for any Disneyland fan to witness in full vintage form with announcements, and general fun riding the attractions with animated characters of the day.
I love the love stories and my favorite is when one of the sailors snaps his toe off!
All ages will love this heartwarming funny story!
The musical score is fittingly haunting and rich, most effective in the prologue, the west wing and the transformation sequences.
Love these CGI Movies kids love it and even adults will find it pretty funny too, great story and voice arrangements
figure play set is great for children that watch the TV show.
The Blu-ray version has awesome color and crisp sound.
I love this movie because it is inspirational.
My kids & grandkids love them.  
I stopped the player to make sure I had all the correct settings.
I wonder if the great Japanese animator was inspired by this film in particular.
I would say the 3d actually enhances the movie by giving it more depth.
i hate when dat hapens.
Lividly eager to locate the Beast's whereabouts, he finds out by wresting the mirror away from Belle, and organizes the townsfolk for an assault on the Beast's castle.  
I enjoyed the show when i was a kid and i still love the show now.
She pretends her Minnie doll is riding the horse.  
Black levels are stout and never waver, but still retain perfect detail near black.
I think this is one of the good ones.
I enjoy British movies and this one doesn't disappoint.
next up we have "Scroogorello" where he is a sick duck that dreams of being in a fairy telling that is a mixture of Cinderella with him as a male version who falls for Goldie who is a princess in search of a prince as she gets kindapped by wicked stepbrothers and Glumgold plays his wicked stepfather in the dream.
There has been a huge number of movies like this over the last 20 years......this is the best.
While Alice defied interpretation (though I contend Disney's still comes the closest of all films), Peter Pan seemed to work perfectly as a Disney animated feature and has been one of the studio's most consistent crowd-pleasers.
Haven't read the book.
The sounds are great but I wish there were so more options on the sleep timer.
Almost every main character in the film is a brilliant little masterpiece, showcasing some of the very best work done by some of Disney's greatest animators.
This is a cute game that will be short lived.  
The price is really cheap so I can't complain for the lack of bonus features.
I would tell anyone it is certainly worth a viewing.  
Plus the sheets and case are soooo soft!!
This Pixar film wasn't too acclaimed as opposed to the other Pixar films such as "Finding Nemo" and "The Incredibles".
I'd rather not get into explanations about scrotums, raccoon humping, and other various topics.
The movie does a fine job of sticking close to the plot but something is missing in the translation.  
just right(but we also live overseas in Europe so that just may be the reason why), and because the potty doesn't look like the picture at all.
A man is knocked into a propeller; others are sucked into airplane holdings, causing the wings to explode.
My granddaughter loved it.  
and it still looks fine.
I loved this show as a kid, now as an adult I get to enjoy it from a completely different perspective.
My 3 year old granddaughter is a huge Tangle fan.  
This was the first movie my dad ever bought me in VHS... so happy I found one that I can stream online and keep.
The trucks were great and a hit with my son.  
If the bond remains unbroken, it could ruin Nita's marriage plans with another man and possibly hurt his relationship with his brother Koda.
I had seen it before, and it served its purpose.
It is fun to watch them all over again with my Grandchildren.  
I dunno soulful connection between Max and myself, for better or worse, he almost is exactly like me.
love this movie.
I haven't got around to watching the extras yet, but they really don't matter to me.  
Had a hard time finding one to play in the U.S.A on our DVD's but I did.
It becomes tedious very quickly and brings my overall rating down a star.
As I said, I'm almost 21 years old and I STILL love this movie just as much as I did ten years ago.
Oh, before I forget, Wayne must also save his older son Nick and his would-be girlfriend,whom Adam has grabbed and put into his overall pocket.
What else can you say about this classic?  
My little granddaughters got sad the first time they watched it--for about 60 seconds.  
Being I have never had the dvd disc to this movie, just the vhs copy which by the way held up extremely well, I look forward to the new diamond edition with extras.
This doll looks like a Prince.2.
More often if we can tolerate it and allow it.
My old VHS freaked out and the hunt was on.
I was a little disappointed.
I GREW UP WITH PETER PAN AND REALLY ENJOYED IT.  
Great voice cast and awesome episodes.
"Nobody move - I dropped me brain."
Let's talk about the extras.
We got Olaf the 9" DISNEY plush from Disneystore.com and he was only $14.99!
I never buy cardboard puzzles because of fear that they will bend and break.  
The girls are all good friends, despite their differences, and come together to pursue their dream of being pop singers.
Blu-Ray enhances the sounds and visual experience even more!  
You don't have to take a chance when it comes to their films.
The costumes are so so, not great quality but considering how expensive just one dress can be getting 3 different outfits more than out weighs the lower lower quality.
My 12 year old grandson had me order this for his present to his mom who loves pooh.  
Usually, I just review the product itself.
So I got that other beautiful and fabulous Disney Store exclusive Jasmine that was called by someDeluxe and by others Princess and Friends deluxe.
But, unlike many comedies, there are deeper themes present.
It is moving, informative, entertaining and humorous.  
For price there's just no complaining...
She is one happy little girl.
My grand"sun" watched it and loved it.
While the movie started a bit slow which Johnny lost and all, it gradually became better and better until I was so into it loving every second.  
The one I bought at the actual Disney store is made much better, better quality etc.
I love the story and the humor.
Though I still had to double check as she had a tendency to say each card earned her 3 jewels!All in all I find this to be a fun game for any little girl who loves the princesses.  
This film stays fairly close to the truth in its portrayal of the event and results.  
great story, wonderfully told.
And I Love All This Classic X-Mas Songs From Mickey And Family.Any-1
I purchased the same puzzles in the $1 section of Target (they were $1 each).  
The script is Excellent! :)
Although I suspect anyone reading this review already is aware that this is a great movie I can't resist putting in my two cents that this is Disney at its best.
Over several months there grow to like each other and that is where I am going to end so I don't give away the rest of the story.
The only down side is there are a lot of different spots to inflate, be prepared to be out of breath!
Watching one episode a week made hearing the opening theme and business enjoyable.
A great classic to watch :)
This movie was a lot of fun to watch and had some great moments that really made me laugh out loud.
I thought ABC played a huge part in the show not being that big of a hit by making the entire series appear to be nothing more than Jennifer Garner running around in very little despite the show being probably the most intelligent on the networks at the time.
Our other calendars had more questions which prompted you to write more about what is new in your child's life each month.
We've really enjoyed collecting the "singles" - they're SUPER durable, and we know they'll be around for him to pass along to his own kids one day!
They may not recognize the guest stars, but Muppet humor never goes out of style.  
guest starring Pete (Voiced by Will Ryan).
Amazingly, Jack actually picks up a sword and fights in this scene, though he still does lots of antics.
and it was incredibly depressing.  
The story is absolutely enthralling, with a plot the overflows with imagination and provides the audience with a nice combination of laughter and tender moments.
It was a movie for all ages, but definitely an entertaining one.
It keeps him entertained just as well as the newer cartoons do, and gives me a bit of nostalgia as well!  
Yes... I would purchase them again.  
I think he has 7 of each.  
Based on the Hans Christian Anderson fairy tale (which is much darker than Disney's take), the film tells the tale of Ariel, daughter of King Triton, lord of the seas.
but I was surprised at how small the clothes were (my daughter is three and weighs 38 lbs.)
I love Finding Nemo!  
It is such an unlikeable character in the movie and dirty and worn to boot.
This film is by far one of the best films to relive your childhood.
I recommend this movie to anyone!
Definitely recommend if your kids like Rapunzel!
It does not get old.
It has a great picture and tons of extra features!
My two year old is the Pooh fan, but all the girls liked the story.
She loves doc mcstuffins and this product went well.
I also want to mention the music.  
LOVE this movie!  
Some trivia about this movie; this was the first fairy tale movie since Sleeping Beauty and the last movie to use hand-painted cels and analog camera.
We're so pleased with this collection and the children love it thoroughly.  
Both arrived packaged well and on time.  
I just wanted to punch him, he was so annoying.
it's not about a princess getting rescued by a prince...
It's not an actual pullstring voice box.
For instance, Peter Pan's first appearance, crouching in darkness on a rooftop, suggests the character's magical nature and even a subtle hint of the unknown and the potential for danger.  
As they discuss names for their children,their happiness is soon disrupted by the arrival of a barracuda.
Therefore, I give the disc 5 stars, remove my hat for the Disney technicians who worked so hard on faithfully restoring this film and engineering it for bluray, and hope that you will join me in enjoying this release.
We got this for our 4-year-old for Christmas.
so I hope these sketches reach a wide audience).  
I told you I liked the Black Stallion.  
My son had outgrown both his infant tub and his inflatable ducky tub, but wasn't quite ready for the tub without any added protection from bumping his head.  
I was even more surprised how many other people liked the show as much as I do (just look at the Acorn Cafe).  
It didn't.  
There were only a few pieces of paper to help cushion them during shipping.
I love nana in the story and It's a walk down memory lane.
I received my DVD Movie very fast and I am very pleased with it.
I'm sure most everyone knows the story of Peter Pan so this review was basically just to say it is a great movie, and a great buy, and we are so happy to now have it on dvd.  
It's refreshing to see a cultural output that draws on its own folklore that is so alien to what most of us, who have grown up on the Brothers Grimm, Hans Christian Anderson, and Pixar, know and cherish.
Launchpad-centric episodes are always a little above average if not excellent.  A-47.  
Great price great quality going to be greatly loved!
But she has more pressing problems.
Disneypedia: Life Under the Sea* The Story Behind the Story* Original Theatrical Trailer* Under the Sea Early Presentation Reel*
The classics never get old.
Audio commentary is provided by Roy Disney.
Tiger - Super cute figure, it is made of fabulous to touch plastic of some sort, it is substantial and big, not some puny tinny itsy bitsy figurine.
Then in a more tragic turn of events his son is kidnapped.
It turns out fluffy, tender and very tasty pancakes that have Mickey's face on both sides.
What wasn't obvious was that the wonderful Howard Ashman was already then dieing, would barely limp through his next movie Beauty and the Beast, and would only get around to composing half of the libretto for Aladdin before giving up the ghost.
However my daughter still loves them to wear them all the time!
Which is fine for my son to run around with
The music and animation are right on target!
This brings back so many childhood memories that I get to share with my little blessings.
The animation is great and it still holds up today.
We played this game with two 8 year olds and one 11 year old.
It is VERY well made and durable.  
Story, grahics and animation are all outstanding.  
Beauty and the Beast is one of Disney's best animated films and the first animated films ever to be nominated for Academy Award for Best Picture.
Aqua is from the South and Dorinda is a white foster child who doesn't have a lot of money.
Now as an adult I can really appreciate the beauty of this movie and the hard work that went into it.
I bought this doll for my daughter who loves the Pocahontas movies.
It does what it says, arrived in good condition and able to use it for my purposed.
This has only a couple of episodes but I am very pleased with this.
They fit well and my son loved them.
My grandson love this movie.
All the other sets we have gotten included Daisy.
this is an action based cartoon made for a younger generation, with some comedy
* Deleted Scenes -  Featuring the following deleted segments: Introduction to Alternate Story Opening by Peter Schneider (:32), Alternate Story Open (18:24), Introduction to Deleted Scene by Roger Allers (:38) and Belle in the Library (8:27).
But what about their personal lives?  
While it too had stressful event piled on stressful event, they were up to par with those of the earliest of the three.  
It is now in my library of classic Disney films.  
The show was entertainment and I wouldn't have watched a game show I knew was rigged, but I can understand the business decisions behind it.
You remember Thumper, I'm sure: the little rabbit who is famous for thumping his foot, and who made one of the purely classic lines of my childhood: "If you can't say something nice, don't say nothin' at all."
As it turned out,  Walt Disney had contemplated making a more faithful version of the story in an animated film and had commissioned some absolutely marvelous artwork by Kay Nielsen - which matches the story to its very details.
It did make me laugh at times though.
It is hard plastic which is fine, but the lid doesn't open the easiest and if you push too hard opening it the handle/lid will come completely off and it isn't the easiest to get back on.
I enjoyed it but some may find it sad.
Will edit my review if that happens.
A shame, since we loved every other part of it.  
I'm not sure which of these extras are included in the DVD-only version, but the full suite of Blu-ray extras are impressive (second only to the greatest Blu-ray I've ever seen, which is Snow White).  
My daughter bought this to go with her Ariel doll.  
They bid me take my place among them in the halls of Valhalla where the brave may live forever.
All-in-all a good toy.
It's beautiful and I highly recommend it!!!
very well done theme with well written, funny dialogue that will likely appeal to the inner child in all of us.
My daughter loves her Lambie although she is over priced lol  Lambie helped her be a real Doc McStuffins for halloween.
I'm going to pick up a couple more, they're handy to have.
and I love the size.
Then I realized that I had never read the book!
An incredible film with a first-rate cast.
Just bought the Cars one for my son who is starting to potty train (just turned 2).  
They loved it, I guess you can't ask for much more than that.
I went, and there they were!!!!
My daughter has been really into Peter Pan recently and absolutely loved the set, but it is a collection waiting to have pieces lost.  
This is definitely one of my favorite Pixar films.  
Not to mention the story is just kind of boring.
Add to that the death of one of the main characters from the first movie and the stakes were raised considerably.
By the way, the making-of featurette contains a segment that demonstrates Pixar's study of real aquatic environments as so thorough that early graphic tests were "too realistic".
this toy is really great and all the little girls who love to play pretend will love it, the size is perfect for a 4 year old and the hair dryer is making sounds and blows air, like a real one in miniature, the tote bag is very cute and durable.
Rushmore stars Jason Schwartzman as Max Fisher, a hard-working but underperforming student at the Rushmore Academy.
It didn't take long to arrive, and I am happy to have it as my own. :)
She still takes it with her.
He Got his birthday present and was very happy and wondered where it came from and from who, very cute
As my young son is into toy story, I quickly bought this.
The sheriff was even better in person, the picture did not do it justice.
I got Docmcstuffins at my local walmart and I was disappointed in a few things.#1 her hair or ponytails had gel in them and they are hard or stiff.  
Thank you so very much,This is such an incredibly adorable collection of classic Disney!  
This one is so much better!  
Taken right from the movie, same voice-actor.  
Goblin"Where do I start?
Also the puzzles are on the small side, I would have felt better had this been more like $6 than $10.
Ok I'm not one to be a movie snob, but this movie was horrible.
Besides, if it were not for "The Great Mouse Detective", there wouldn't BE " Little Mermaid"!I know, I know I am sorry, but I just did not like it very well growing up.
The extras are nice too.
Featuring an interactive art gallery.  
The ethics of how this works never occurs to Sully (or anyone, really), as human children are considered terrifying, diseased beasts.  
They BOTH had a lot of fun playing with the characters and putting each character on the counter and listening to it say phrases.  
I got this for my 4 yo granddaughter's birthday.
This is definitely one of my favorite Disney movies.
So, now I am going to purchase this movie in Blu-Ray format from Amazon, but am perplexed by the lack of digital purchase availability.
It is a nice size and very durable, i would definitely recommend doll to add to your princess collection.
This Disney cartoon is one of the best modern Dsney feature cartoons released for many years..  
James is very well done.
Barbossa (Geoffrey Rush) along with Elizabeth (Keira Knightley) visit Sao Feng, Pirate Lord of Singapore (Yun-Fat Chow) to obtain the navagation maps to the place of Davy Jones Locker.
Three whole recordings/actions.  
It was great demo material.
The bright yellow is striking.
Arrvied on time and in good quality.  
But to my surprise the comforter, sheets and pillow case were very soft and my son loves them.
I just think it came out at  a wrong time when everyone just bought a HD television.
Which I will be looking for on vhs.
I love this movie to death.
They were always my favorite .
He loves cars but this just doesn't work on him.  
And literally an orchestration that would shock America.
The Gold Edition is the way to go for now as it looks very good considering and has some bonus material.
And when I hit the button it played the whole song.
I just can't find this anywhere else, so am very sad that it was not good.
While paying his debt to society, McQueen encounters a 1951 Hudson Hornet, a rusty but lovable tow truck, a hippy 1960 VW bus, a classy but confident Porsche and a herd of tractors prone to tipping over and fluctuating exhaust fumes out of fright.
Yes its roomier, yes the baby likes it.
("Treasure of the Golden Suns").
I love the characters in it and how they work together to survive.
It has worked perfectly and she loves it!
It is like watching the female Will Smith 2.0.
don't be tempted into using a butter knife.
How can you resist those eyes.
Other Enchanted ObjectsProduction Design1.
Now if only I could stop him from saying the lines out loud; he's memorized the whole thing.
Just be patient and it'll inflate.
This movie was great when it first came out and it's even better as a Diamond Edition!
Disney had an affinity for Alice novels going back to his initial years in the industry with Alice and Cartoonland.
It is a good quality movie, arrived fast and is what was expected.  
But most of all, the movie contant makes for a great conservation piece about not telling the truth.  
She loves it, it has enought room for her bballet slippers, her mobile phone, she can put her other clothes in it and also waterbottle,
I have the original DVD but I wanted the blue ray.
They OinkA Spy in the ointmentThe Balooest of the Blue Bloods
One of the Indians had a buffalo headdress in the hills of Tennessee.
It is violent, but warrior should be a clue.
(which can be seen as one of the books in the opening of "Pinocchio")
why am i recommending a film in the process of picking apart it's inacurracies?
3D.  Also, a great movie.
We even get two of Walt's television introductions to the film (a black & white one from 1954 and a very similar color one from 1964) and two theatrical trailers.
In fact the extras - old and new - run nearly twice the time of the 77 minute film.  
Pixar has yet to disappoint.
u it a great book to read
It was very new to me.
The only sour note is the shrill and overbearing performance by Christine Baranski (Prunella Stickler)  who scowls and shrieks her way through the entire film.  
I bought this as a gift for my only granddaughter so I have not viewed it; however, my son tells me she LOVES it!
Who wouldn't love this movie?
Several sequences that feel like padding and are frankly boring.
These little figurines were so cute and everyone kept asking me if they could have them.lol My daughter really enjoyed them plus they are very durable!
There are so many sizes of these characters, you have to be consistent with what you buy.
We loved Alias the first time through, and love it now.  
otherwise you will enjoy this movie for years to come.
Instead, we get a movie that builds up our passion but slams the door way too soon as the ending credits roll.
Enjoy! :D
and I love the part when his father finally accepts him.
He Loved this from the beginning!
Again Walt is quite the multi-tasker in the 1950's that not every film is to up to par with what he had previously established.
My daughter loved them.
The animation was beautiful and it still is.
I call myself the Queen of Movies , and I really enjoyed watching this movie ,and plan to watch it again soon!
wonderful family movie, 3D was everything it should be.
It runs a little small, my son is five and the Child M (7-8) fits well over his clothes.
Rating would have been 5 stars if not for the smell.
Really great movie for the whole family.
It was OK for my son, a little scary at times, and a little over his head, but he really enjoyed it.
Maybe this will be such a successful game that Disney will slightly revamp it in a hard case plastic format but it's still hard to complain because the game is pretty cheap.
Mostly in shots where the background was far off.
I was surprised to see  that it was originally released  by RKO studios.
Hearing that the prisoners awaiting execution have started to sing, he says "Good, I wondered how long it would take them."
Very good color,very funny,pretty good 3d.
It just feels too derivative of Looney Tunes with the Mexican mice (Speedy Gonzales) & the bull fight (Bully for Bugs).  
I think this is Dick Van Dyke's best movie.  
I didn't have any issues with the puzzle not laying flat though, for us the pieces were fine.
This is a good movie.
A story so excellent as this one is accompanied by some of the best work of animation that have ever come from Disney.
Classic Disney movie on Blu-Ray, though not without a few reservations.
I would rather hear a kennel full of barking dogs, a nursery full of crying babies, or a beeping street sweeper, than this movie's soundtrack.  
It would be okay for display only...
A huge fight ensues.
Will and Francine kiss and are shown sleeping in the same bed.
Disney has taken Alice in Wonderland to new heights of color, sound, and quality by putting her on Blu-ray.  
Fun characters and good plot.  
I do like its design and structure.
It has it all; action, comedy, adventure, drama, suspense, and fantasy.
At least that one co-stars a young Bill Cosby though.
I was really impressed of the quality of this item.
ONE YET BUT PLAN TO.
I love this movie and I wanted to share it with my grandchildren who were not yet born when this movie came out.  
I actually was able to use reward points to get this free.  
But I love it too.
The second dvd is full of silly short stories.
Movies don't keep his attention as well as PBS shows like Super Why!
The Fantasy element is very much present.
Best $11 I've spent.
Baby Galileo features a kangaroo duo who look at stars.
So, your kids will love this doll, but I recommend taking her out of the box, removing the shoes and throwing them away and then giving it to your kids.
I always buy the blu ray dvd combos hoping for a great blu ray experience but expecting to have to watch dvd.
The only issue I guess is the whole "oooh they say jackass" in this movie.
Fisher falls in love with a teacher at the school, and his quest to win her results in some funny situation comedy with a crew of strange characters, including Bill Murray in one of his absolute best performances.
This is a story about Mater scaring the town with little tricks so he is told a story about the infamous Ghost Light, which he then appears to experience after left alone.
I got this for someone as a gift.
Bought for my special needs daughter and she loves it.
I bought this item for my two year old grand son, I found it at the store for more money ,so I didn't buy it came home and found it on Amazon.
My kids loves it!  
Let me explain the reason for this review.  
Each time it is still enchanting.
Bongo is about a bear that was born in the circus, grew up in the circus and performed in the circus, but wanted a life outside of the circus.
Marlin and Pearl, two clown fish, have a clutch of eggs (Pearl estimates about 500), and they are almost ready to hatch when the story opens.
I really like this movie.  
You'll laugh, you'll cry...
So I saw this and got it.
It's the same movie I had on vhs.
This 'movie' is really only two stories and no fun.
The oracle warns them that the thirteenth warrior must be a foreigner, and so Ahmed is pressed into a situation he is unprepared for.
This is a fun movie for family movie night.
It opens with Dick Goodwin (Rob Morrow) at a car dealership.
Well Fess Parker does it again.
I'll likely buy it.
I enjoy watching version after version, each taking a shot at making Lewis Carroll's dreamlike, episodic prose and poetry into a film or TV production that is cohesive and at the same time, worthy of the fantastic images we all have in our minds as we read.
this was a christmas gift for my daughter and i love the digital copy cause she can watch it on her iPod and the DVD on a non blu ray machine....love it
Disney telling the Tarzan story is a great family movie.  
JJ Abrams had created a bonafide hit for the WB Television Network with the premier of Felicity.
Tarzan lost his parents to a rogue leopardess and Kala and Kerchak (two gorillas) loose their only son the same way.
Another great set of choices of which fish, shells, etc. to use to visually suggest the personality of the characters.
All of the previous DVD extras are bundled in as well.  
This review is for Home Improvement: The Complete Third Season DVD set.
If you enjoyed the movies and this character, it's a great toy for a child to have.
brought back good memories.
The directions say only an inch of water but that's impossible.
There is a marvelous shot where the transformation itself is propped up like a silhouette and all the while Lampwick is screaming for his mother.
Afterall, it has entertained generation after generation for 70-years.
The picture and sound are about as clean as they're ever going to get, and fans of the film get a whole hour of brand-new features on top of all of the existing DVD extras on the disk.
Zipper is holding up well.
This was a gift for my daughter.  
Like new is LIKE NEW!
I love the inside jokes they have here.
The disc includes a short promotional-type featurette, and the theatrical trailer (both in standard definition).
Naturally, he's finally made to see the error of his ways and has an instant (and totally unbelievable) change of heart.  
Parents and grandparents, this is wholesome, fun entertainment.
Fuzzy patch on his head and loopy patch inside the hat.  
Why is Lewis Carroll's story of a young girl who fell down a mythical rabbit hole so compelling?
She play and plays with these figures.  
I set her up in one of the conference rooms with this movie and also, "honey I shrunk the kids" and some popcorn and she was good as gold.  
I got confused after watching it a bit and asking myself, "Whose show is this:
we truly enjoy this film--it shows so well how women forget they're beautiful.  
I own the dvd.
I have to say though, that the prices I've seen here on Amazon for some of the PPs are quite exorbitant--some as high as $16.00!  
It has many levels of humor that are aimed at kids and adults.
This is a must have classic with the magic of Disney!
She's spent many hours already playing with it!
Particularly during the salmon run scene does the music sound downright cliche and trite, which is a real shame.
My daughter likes it a lot and there is enough overhang to cover the underside of the bed.  
Lots of the movies made in the 90's were only average, nothing spectacular but nothing terrible, and this is one of them.
Quality very good.
After speaking at Emily Sloane's funeral, Sydney receives shocking news.
I was dreading watching this movie in 3D as I had ordered this along with the Lion King, and was very disappointed in the 3D quality of the Lion King.  
We had no bathtub, only a shower in our stateroom and this little tub was perfect, she loved it.  
Disney continues its slow roll-out of its classic animated features on Bluray; this time, taking another tumble down the rabbit hole to view Alice in Wonderland in all its high-def glory.
We hung these from the ceiling in the downstairs to make a pixie hollow area.  
The story continues with "Brother Bear 2" as Kenai embarks on a journey to break the strong bonds between himself and his friend Nita.
Everyone should have this for their collection :)
Plus, Classic Features:*
My daughter just loves it and finally we can get it on Blu-ray.  
It's could be fixed by sticking a grip pad in the bottom.
The extended edition includes a new song "When We're Human Again".  
When young Jewish `every man' Herbie Stempel plateaus with the show `Twenty-One', the producers convince him to throw the game and elect the young, good looking and financially stable Charles Can Doren as the new winner.  
Still, well worth owning and viewing, especially for young kiddos and grandchildren who are not familiar with the story.  
While the clich portrayal of Native Americans would probably offend some were the movie made today, on the whole it is childish in a good way that most people will still find novel in our overly cynical and politically correct modern world.
The choice of different outfits and ability to mix and match keeps it fresh, so she hasn't gotten tired of playing with it.
this story is beautifully told and has been a secret part of history that has been in the shadows only because other movies were in a better spotlight but this is an amazing story of courage and kindness.
This is a boy movie, great every little boy loves laying in the floor playing cars.
But I just gotta say "500 DOLLAR!!"
Great message and great characters!
This is the diamond edition.
It's what comes in between that makes the story.
What makes you laugh?I often think about my own sense of humor and it's difficult to pin down at times.
It does have its moments.
This version of Jack and the Beanstalk is the best in my opinion; worth sitting the first story, Bongo
You don't have to worry about inappropriate subject matter or offensive situations or characters.
The plot structure is impeccably tight with enough levels of amusement to appeal (classily) to just about anyone who encounters it.
I'll give them that.
Love the 3d version, just like being in the ocean.
Definitely worth it!!!
The main feature runs about a hour and forty minutes.
Some reviewers have said that the intros take away from the original version, but I think it is more about what you were used to, or were expecting to see.  
The 2-disc special features includes a couple of interactive games, a featurette with interviews and commetaries, an old 1923 silent film, called "Alice's Wonderland" and more.
This is one of my all time classic movies.
"So Long and Thanks for All the Fish" along with the whole "Hey Ford, I think I'm a sofa" thing is now available as an inside joke within my family.
I find it kind of silly that a cast of characters, who are related to water/pirate ships/beaches, would not be made into water-friendly toys in this particular set.  
There's an interesting plot thingy where Will and Elizabeth are at odds with each other, "I chose to bear this burden alone," "If you make your choices alone, how can I trust you?"
I think it's pretty cliche and redundant to have every villain made to be that way, but as long as there is a special motive behind it that makes them what they are in character.
He is happy watching it
We will looking for more products from you in future.
They loved the movie.
There is little to be said about Peter Pan that has not already been said dozens of times.
Had to have this movie all my kids are to old to like it
There's many many movies that use the image of PETER PAN, but the DISNEY animation is BY FAR the best ONE!!!!
Great for Disney collectors.
My daughter was asking for this movie for a long time.
Great stuffed animal to go with Doc McStuffins
As a teenager today, I must say I love this movie.  
so I was thrilled!
Usually, I don't write a review on my opinion of the movie.
Just like in the original story, the little mermaid loses her voice in exchange for her legs.
I only wish the hat would stay on better.
"Bambi" was Disney's last major attempt at serious experimentation.
My 4-year-old son loves Jake, so I was very excited about this gift.  
Very durable and over all a good set.
BUT the whole set-up of this DVD is very cheesy, not executed very well.
It's beautifully done, but man...
Albert Brooks and Alexander Gould do a wonderful tag team and make you feel for both characters.
Worth the money.
I bought this as a Christmas gift for my 3 year old son.  
Unlike the Lion King blu-ray, this set comes with an entire disc devoted to the special features of the film.  
I love it an my dougter loves it also
Maybe tiny little pieces don't bother you, but we have younger children in the home and all of these tiny pieces mean that our 4 year old doesn't get to play her game unless all of the younger kids are sleeping.
The rest plays out exactly as it it should with many added surprises.
The older man's mission in this movie is to live his entire life in the remote wilderness, while the young man decides to return to civilization, but to engage in occasional hunting in the wilderness.  
It is calm and almost psychological.
The music, the color, the brilliance, is simply spectacular.
She is really getting into Legos and all the wonderful things you can build.  
Highly recommended, and a must for the library of any true Disney fan.
Park, Death Valley Nat'l.
See the recent New York Times review for more about that.
It was packaged nicely and came in great condition.  
While it is a little longer than I think it needs to be, it's about the right length.
I loved it!
This is adorable.
For the material, the content was handled fairly well and it's a decent approach to a story that has been told many times, but never quite with this much realism.
I thoroughly recommend as it is a way to make a great story even greater.
The wheels are not sturdy.  
Along the way the girl and our heroes (particularly Sullivan) form a bond and realize that humans are not so evil.  
My daughter got this for Christmas and already two of the arrows are broken.  
Now, let's talk extras, this CD collection is crammed full of them.
I bought this to show my granddaughter and of course I actually enjoyed it more.  
***This review may contain spoilers***Many of you must remember the "Wonderful World of Disney" TV program in the '60's and '70s.  
Can't see anything unsafe on it so would recommend it for baby!
There are alot of extras as well, so you can see how much work they put into this movie and how precise they wanted everything to be, including recording the real "doc" car starting its engine for the race scene.
Brother Bear was about tolerance and tradition, the sequel is more of a rom-com triangle that isn't exactly full of surprises but at the same time a nice way to spend some time with some wonderful characters again.
Had problems playing this in DVD and blu ray players that normally don't have problems.  
Thankfully my almost-three-year-old still likes it.
It's a great size for bringing out on adventures and for the little one who doesn't mind snuggling a smaller toy.
I rate this one right up there with Star Trek and Star Wars, although there really is no comparison.  
I instantly placed an order for it, it arrived within a few weeks (well before the projected due date) and was in perfect condition.
I tried the 3D and it's also very good as well as it provides additional depth to what the regular 2D version provides.
As you may have deduced from 3 of my latest reviews, I love this show.  
I give Antonio Banderas a lot of credit in this movie.  
I do wish, however, that it was a bit wider or longer ( even a few brick lengths), there really isn't much room for playing within the tower.  
Don't we all wanna stay as children?
This was an entertaining movie to watch.  
I'm not going to try to review the whole movie again.  
This is an excellent film with a top notch cast in excellent form.  
He is the perfect Mickey for the new grandson.
On the other hand, the males all seem so foolish (except the black one) and the one female so sensible and courageous that I wonder: is this really all about liberal stereotypes?There are some fun parts, no question.
Obviously, it being a Disney film, there are millions of people who love it, so take what I say with a grain of salt... just look at the hundreds of "five star" reviews that surround mine.  
The Forest Adventurea.
This was always one of my favorite Disney Afternoon cartoons I looked forward to each day after school and I'm so happy to have my own copy of it to watch whenever I want again!
Definitely go for it
If you don't own the film, then the Blu Ray is the ay to go, it looks and sounds fantastic.
Originally planned for creation in the '30s, the film would not come out until the early '50s.  
It is a hit,
This is one of the worst Disney productions ever.  
This was as good as everyone said it was, and yes, it did make me cry.
This story is so old school that letting little kids watch it now would seem completely wrong to most parents.  
I thought they did a great job with the story.  
If all monsters were like this, I wouldn't mind having seven or eight of them hiding under my bed :-)
NASCAR-fans had much to celebrate, as did car-racing aficionados of all disciplines for that matter
This film will not stimulate any belly-laughs, however, the subtle humor of many scenes is worth noting.  
He opened it at 8:30 and carried all 7 airplanes around for 3 1/2 hours.  
I'm not sure if this movie was also meant to be a comedy, but Lumiere and Cogsworth's time on the screen together is the funniest of this movie.
I like the fact that they had commentary for many different Beauties.  
But when my daughter tries to brush her hair, the brush won't go through.
Animation - Featuring three segments: Animation Tests featuring commentary by Don Hahn (4:54), Rouges & Clean Ups, The Transformation: Pencil Version featuring commentary by Don Hahn (5:24) and A Transformation by Glen Keane (3:13).
it is still a classic.
They didn't care when DiC or 4Kids reedited hit animes like "One Piece, Naruto, Yu-Gi-Oh and Sailor Moon" so why should they care if Disney does this for the princesses?
It was great watching it again, bringing back so many childhood memories.
He attempted to make a live-action version with Mary Pickford in 1933 while affiliated with United Artists though its more than obvious that it was not commercially viable firstly because of Paramount's adaption secondly has to with that its not fathomable for that type of adaption to have the same impact as Snow White which shaped the family film market as we know it today, contrary to what people might have previously thought however is that Disney's films did have psychological undertones not akin to what would be seen in a children's movie.
Although I have the first DVD of it released, I couldn't resist getting the blu ray copy and it didn't disappoint.  
Toys are so much better now then when I was a kid.
So for his 4th birthday we got him this Buckeye to go along with the Woody and Buzz dolls he already had.
This is a disney princess classic.
Those who remember the days before the Interstate system where there was as much fun travelling to your destination as there was being there will feel nostalgic for that time again.
Animation is great and Phil Collins' music really makes a great moment greater.
The DVD is presented in full screen (1:33:1), Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound, Original Theatrical Soundtrack, French and Spanish language tracks and subtitles.
It even sparked the interest in my nephew enough that he started to read the books
I bought this on a whim, years after reading "Eaters of the Dead".  
But it's true.  
First the acting and people in this film do a great job in  there roles and none of them try to over play there roles and make the movie centered around just one actor/actress.
This Blu-ray did the thing were it just stops playing somewhere during the movie and you have to stop and restart.
My daughter is not familiar with "Ariel" but loves mermaids in general.  
Rushmore is yet another Wes Anderson gem that is beautifully constructed.
this makes no sense to me.
Do I feel as if I've lost 2 hours of my life?  
My daughter got few toys themed Sleeping Beauty this Christmas from her grandma whois a well known collector in the Disney fans world and of those items this doll would take fifth place , first beingthis amazing Sleeping Beauty Disney store item that I have no idea how my mom got her paws on since it is so hard to find and long sold out at the store - http://www.amazon.com/Disney-Princess-Ultimate-Magical-Limited/dp/B00GVKKOOK/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid;=1390932449&sr;=8-1&keywords;=B00GVKKOOKanyway about the doll itself I am sure you will be happy with it if you like the characters.
I received eight (8) very popular (ie: UP, Cars 1&2, etc) Disney BD's.  
I wish the sheet were just regular 100% cotton instead.
This is the story of Mike and Sulley, good friends who live in Monsteropolis, a place somewhere adjacent to our own reality where everyone is a "monster" and they power their world via obtaining children's screams.  
I thought this gift would be a huge hit with my 2 year old but it fell flat- literally.
I am happy with the puzzle.
Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles7.
Another cute Winnie The Pooh And Pals movie for your Collection!  
Pretty soon, I stopped trying to pay attention to the 3-D, to give my eyes some relief, and tried to enjoy the movie.
ONLY ONE PROBLEM AROSE.
just like Cinderella and Belle had in volume 1 ("The big surprise" and "the perfect gift").
Has good sound and fun music for children.
We will use this for quite some time until she gets big enough to sit in the tub.
Frank and Ollie is a wonderful behind the scenes look at what happened during the glory time of Disney animation.
My almost 3 year old daughter loves this movie.
The artwork is beautiful and the songs are wonderful.
Monsters Inc., for the two or three human beings on earth who have yet to see it, follows James P "Sulley" Sullivan (John Goodman), a big blue furry monster and his friend and coworker Mike Wazowski (Billy Crystal), a smaller green Cyclops, who happen to work at the power company within the city of Monstropolis:
My daughter love Baby Einstein.  
Wearing the quiver is useless as the arrows fall out because it isn't long enough to hold them.
Volume Two episodes are:Disc One:Treasure of the Golden Suns - Part OneTreasure of the Golden Suns - Part TwoTreasure of the Golden Suns - Part ThreeTreasure of the Golden Suns - Part FourTreasure of the Golden Suns - Part FiveBack to the KlondikeHorse ScentsScrooge's PetDisc Two:Catch as Cash Can - Part OneCatch as Cash Can - Part TwoCatch as Cash Can - Part ThreeCatch as Cash Can - Part FourMeirt-Time AdventureThe Golden FleecingDucks of the WestTime TeasersDisc Three:Back Out in the OutbackRaiders of the Lost HarpThe
Harland Williams is hilariously dim-witted and Heather Matarazzo is pretty hot, even as a nerd.  
This movie is great for boys and girls alike.  
It's just a shame that the barebones NTSC Region 1 DVD release didn't get remastered - it's not a disastrous transfer but it looks like a simple port of the old video transfer which is mostly adequate but lacks the kind of extra detail that would give it a bit more bite.
The animation is great, but it doesn't stack up to what Pixar has been able to accomplish over the past few years.  
The box says ages 4 and up but we had ages 7, 8 and 9 paying it having a blast.
too much money for an old movie...  
My only problem is cleaning it - the "whole" in the front of the tub accumulated mold immediately and is virtually impossible to dry up.
The classic Disney Afternoon series is back on DVD!
Yet, this was surprisingly very satisfying.
The actors were terrific!
I wanted to love this movie as I bought it to watch with my senior dachshund, but I really just liked it.  
I have ordered this stuffed Minnie before on Amazon and received the correct version pictured - from Disney Store.  
the new and improved animation of this timeless movie makes a big difference.
With the droopy eyelids, extra-droopy ears and smirking expression, Clover has just as much character as on the show.  
All of this done in a family-friendly and colorful animated universe.
My daughter loves this show and so do I.
It is gender specific and you would not want to give this as a gift if they are having a boy.
Bambi Interactive Galleries - An extensive look at the films sketches, background paintings production pictures, storyboards and visual development.
I have been looking everywhere for this plush toy.  
It's all great.
It's always nice to get the special edition set as long as they don't put out an even more special edition set!
It actually made her less afraid of the "monsters" in the closet and under the bed.
why couldn't they have included classic mickey?I would have rated it 4.5/5 if amazon had 1/2 stars.
He has had Woody since mid February and plays with him everyday even sleeps with Woody!  
A very good film indeed.
i love the little mermaid.
It is a great movie, was when it first came out and watched it with my daughters and I enjoy watching even more now with my grandchildren, not to long, nice music and easy to follow.
Surround effects are fairly seamless.
This set is a great figurine set for the girls to play with.
I am so excited they made these toys!They are very well put together and I would compare them to the monster jam trucks.  
I will have to replace this one when it wears out.
Now Disney has repackaged it alongside a DVD in order to promote the sequel that will premiere this summer in theaters.
Her hair gets very ratty over time too.
All this is.....is a cute box that is fun for girls to open with their little key it comes with.
Does he play essentially the same character all the time?  
It fits perfectly in our big tub and works as a great transitional tub.
Buy this movie for its charm, its humor, its compelling story, and its heartfelt message; that you're braver than you believe, that you're stronger than you seem, and that you're smarter than you think.
my grand daughter was so excited to get this movie:) its one of her favs and her other one froze, it came in the mail faster than we anticipated it coming she was so happy:)
I bought this for my 2 year old great nephew.  
They really did a good job with the 3d.  
Could watch over and over.
Please buy this one to add to your collection.
In my eyes, this film should have EASILY taken the Oscar that year.  
lines are crisp.
Don't waste your money when there are wonderful oldies out there.
I heard people gush over it so much at this website but hadn't seen it previously.
He still does even at 6.
OMG WTF Disney, get with the times!  
I contacted Amazon and returned it, they sent me a UPS code and return slip in my e-mail and I shipped it right out, no cost to me.
I really liked the first movie, thought the second was good, but this one was my favorite by far.
Whichever 'princess' that fills their accessories first is the winner.
A friend of mine had already seen it and was so impressed that he wanted to go back and see it again on the big screen - and he asked me to go along!
The grandchildren just love it.  
This show was made to go up against the success of Batman: The Animated Series.
Marriage at the tender age of 16?
Items provided fun for story retelling time with the grandkids.
I thought this one is a good one to start with and surprised that she had never scene it.
I remember watching this in the theater and crying!
I was lucky enough to have purchased ours at BJ's Wholesale when they were on sale for $5.00 each, and as a parent I don't think they are worth much more than that!
love this movie i remember watching this Disney classic,when i was a little kid.
When time to come out she cries.
My daycare kids absolutely love it.
Woody works well and seems pretty sturdy and was the exact model that we ordered.  
The only thing I was upset about is that I just happened to see this exact product the other day at Walgreens (in addition to princess, and other designs) at HALF the price!
She enjoys playing with it and brushing its tail.
Deffinatly for those that enjoy a fairly simple plot with lots of great costumes and fun characters.  
In good shape and we have enjoyed it very much.  
The film was only a few years behind Beauty and the Beast, Aladdin and The Lion King, yet those films look superior on Blu-ray.
I think this movie is big-time underrated.  
Ford Prefect guides hapless Arthur Dent as he loses his home and planet to (de-) construction crews both British and Vogon!  
Animation wise all I have to say is this is Pixar.
I also only put 2 or 3 screws in the whole thing, because I'm not risking tightening it and pushing the wheel part down again lolConfusing, right?
and that's true, the more you use the iron in on shot, the hotter it gets.
The songs,the story,etc.
Highly recommended to all Disney fans!
We blamed our daughter and chalked it up to errant crayon but noticed that she was getting greener and greener.
This new Diamond Edition makes Beauty and the Beast better than ever.
The clarity and spectrum of color are far beyond all other home video versions of the film, and I'm very satisfied.
When "Friend Owl" returns in the morning, we aren't told what was doing at night, nor that he might consider Thumper a tasty treat.
I guess Buena Vista has the DVD rights to the film.  
We wanted to complete our Pirates collection.
It is substantial very solidly build body of the doll.
This movie was my all-time favorite as a little girl.  
but it was Rushmore.
I have watched this movie at least ten times.  
An adaptation of the James M. Barrie story, it boasts artistic, sophisticated animation that holds up brilliantly even compared to the contemporary computer-animated market.  
My grandson loves it.
Right now he is smilingly lounging on the lap of my 36" Raggedy Ann, who is dressed in adorable denim overalls and shirt!
I liked the soft bottom for her little bottom.
Cars aren't meant to talk.
Wholly recommended film, just be ready to endure a little Phil Collins as part of the package.
it was funny.
Elliott Gould stars as Dugan and Bernadette Lafleur his unlikely love interest in this Disney family adventure from 1980.
The only animated films that could quite honestly compete visually with it are the same year's Fantasia (which had some very similar artistry, particularly during "The Sorcerer's Apprentice" sequence) and 1959's Sleeping Beauty (the perfect example of a moving tapestry).To make animated films of similar feeling and quality today, most animators prominently use computers, which do give a rich quality yes, but the effect is not the same.
I was very pleased to find this one at a geat price!!!
My husband and I watch it without our daughter because we enjoy it so much.
In fact he gets to be heroic for a change....
The package said 'bedspread' instead of comforter, and on the back called it a quilt.  
Why, you may wonder.  
Twitterpated - (1:53) An explanation of what "Twitterpated" is.*
I'll hand out the good news before my usual overwrought commentary.
I purchased 4 of these pets for my 3 year old daughter.
Plus because this one doesn't talk, more imaginative play as well!
Which brings me to the innards.
I especially love Bambi's moment...so cute and sort of the way I imagine some romances to start...boys's backing away and have to be kissed before they realize what love is...
bubble boy warms my heart to the very core, how could you not love him?!
It is all right for the grandchildren, not too violent.
It is not necessary to watch the previous film prior to watching this.
The pieces are sturdy.
For me, the movie stands on its own, and I call it a gem.
"On My Way" Sing-Along Song- Bear Legends: Native American Tales-
I used to work at the Disney Store in Times Square and while we sold a large plethora of Disney merch, Cars had always been the number one selling item.
But this is a winner in my book
That's saying a lot; watching Disney without a kid.
But I had to warn people about this one.
The animation art and motion were truly challenging.
Alice comes across butterflies with...bread!
My kids love them but I wish the quality was better.
I love the classics best, but there's nothing wrong with the new cartoons.
Another wonderful movie featuring Winnie the Pooh and his friends.
I had bought another set from Target for a little more and the quality was not as good as this set.  
It is such a clever game, everyone will love it.
I got this for grandbabies getting potty trained.  
The other doll does not come with one.7.
My son loves this movie.  
I read all the reviews and reluctantly bought this doctor kit for my 2.5 year old daughter.  
The animation for "Peter Pan" still holds up to this day and with this Blu-ray release, I'm quite pleased with the Diamond Edition as it continues to carry the quality that Disney has done previously with their Walt Disney Animated Classics series on Blu-ray and really giving fans what they want in terms of pristine picture quality, crisp lossless audio and a plethora of special features.
Also, the scene when the Beast releases Belle to go see her sick father makes me cry every time I watch it.
it about a man that was so mean that he was put into a spell to be turned in to a beast and if he does not find true love.  
The only con is since it's inflatable it's hard to have a drain put somewhere on this tub.
It was such a great feeling to share a childhood favorite with my child.
The few series that continue in other episode are bunched together and in order on the discs.
They were just good, clean fun.  
It fits perfectly in my standard size bathtub.
There is usually a very superficial story that teaches some in your face lesson, and very little imagination.
I watched theses as a kid and my boys LOVE them just as much.
but it was still a good movie.
Belle ends up agreeing to stay with the Beast whom has had a spell cast upon him for his past deeds.
The 2010 "Un-Anniversary Edition" DVD is a delightful package for anyone who loves the film and a welcome addition to any collection.  
however it doesn't bother you during the film.
Packageing and shipment was beyond expectation.
He turns to the audience and asks you to believe and say "I believe in fairies."
I liked it when i was a kid and now my kid loves it.
We purchased four months ago.
NEVER CRY WOLF concerns a naturalist (Charles Martin Smith), employed by the U.S. government, sent on a mission to assess the influence of wolves on the declining herds of caribou in the northern reaches of Canada and Alaska.  
I would definitely buy again, though.  
My kids will be excited.
My mother was a Women's Institute member.  
Is beautiful and very soft.
We have had the wallet for about 6 months now and it has held up really well - it is over-stuffed and opened and closed a LOT and has withstood all of the abuse that has been thrown its way.
There's over three hours of bonus material for "The Little Mermaid" Diamond Edition.
It is well made, and the picture is as advertised.
She pulls it out every time we vacuum and she loves that it makes noise and she thinks it really works.  
Dude wrote episodes of Doctor Who, was on Monty Python, and shredded with Pink Floyd.
The scene of the doors flying through the storage vaults were like riding a rollercoaster.
Our children love this movie.  
Dirt gets accumulated on the Velcro that holds the pillow in place easily.
WhileThe Little Mermaidis wonderful and the visual images are equally great the story itself of Ariel being willing to do anything (including put her family in danger) to hook-up with a prince I think does not send a good message.
First off, I'd like to thank the makers of this movie for the indelible impact it had on the floozy ladies of my generation.  
And, fortunately for her, there still aren't any consequences because Daddy is prepared to give up all of his power AND his life, to save her.
I was mesmerized at the beautiful sea of colors, and there's so much fun for the children.
I bought this for my daughter and she loves it, the figurines are the perfect size for her doll house.
Captured and detained by Russian emissaries, she is horrified to learn her mother Irina Derevko (Lena Olin) is in charge of the operation.
As a devoted hiker and amateur photographer, spending hundreds of weekends at Point Reyes, Glacier Natl'l.
I love the fact that the top sheet is sewn to the bottom sheet!  
Abuse and misuse.
My love and fascination with motion, animation, technology, and action failed completely in keeping me in my seat beyond the first half of the movie.
If you have kids who are dying to watch a great Disney movie or just want to relive a more innocent time of your childhood for nostalgia, "Bambi" is definitely worth getting.  
This is a disney playset.  
It had interesting plots, rich characters & good animation (for the most part).  
If your child needs visual clues for putting together puzzles, make sure you tape/glue the pictures of the puzzles to the box.
My daughter loves this.
Made my heart feel great.  
The movie tells the story of one big long struggle for survival; the tanukis (or "raccoons," as they are called in the English dub, which isn't bad by the way) are very odd creatures who can transform themselves into all kinds of things, including humans, and they use this ability in their many attempts to keep their forest home from being demolished.
This is the creator's favorite episode, & I can certainly understand why.  A+19.  
She will ask for "Boo" and "Sully" when she wants to watch it, which is at least once every day.  
These toys are well worth the price.
We love Tangled in our house and Pascal is just a sweetie.  
Nice dialogue, like "I wash my hands of this weirdness", or "Close your eyes and pretend it's all a bad dream.
I am a huge Pirates of the Caribbean fan.
And as an artifact of the post-WWII boom years in America, this is a real window into the mindset of the time.  
They did a wonderful job putting this to Blu-Ray, it looks beautiful on my HD TV! :)
The special features includes episodes clips of the Proud Family show, as well as a Penny's Driver's Ed. game and sneak peeks of other Disney DVD favourites like Phil of the Future and That's So Raven.
A couple decades from now and it will join the ranks of the classics.
My daughter loves the movie and the "new improved" version is even better!  
The reason why the beloved is a prince (even if only in disguise) in traditional fairy tales is because he has the status to be able to defeat the oppressor of his beloved where she does not, and so he rescues her from her predicament--and the prince's love and marriage to him are gifts, not something the female protagonist earned (who can "earn" something like that?).  
The sound and picture quality is superb considering it came out in 1953.
I didn't heed other reviews because it seemed like such a good deal.
Lightning McQueen is one of the best creations ever!
What stinks is that this toy could have been so much better.  
In addition to excellent art and writing...the story line truly aids children, and maybe some adults, in dealing with the natural fear of monsters.  
Visually, Brother Bear is a triumph as well.
A childhood favorite beautifully remastered on dvd.
Super cute movie that anyone of any age can enjoy.  
Other than that, my kids LOVE this!!
Jack doesn't trust her but Sydney is enthralled with her mother and eventually begins to be drawn into her web.
Every generation should watch Alice in wonderland
This movie is superbly done, and has the best war scene I've ever seen.
It's such a good movie.  
This has awesome scenery and a great story that really puts you in the wilderness.  
What gives the story such staying power?
Lowell Bergman, a representative from 60 minutes catches wind of this and wants Jeffrey to give an interview on 60 minutes, describing what wrong Brown & Williamson company have done.
I would have given 4 stars if this were an entire season but it is only 4 episodes.
The film seems to advocate, at least indirectly, the low impact life style of Native Americans who have not yet been exposed and tainted by European civilization.  
My grandchildren love this one!
This may be the best movie of all time.  
I LOVE THIS MOVIE!
I'm joking right?
It never holds my children's attention for more than a half hour.  
The sound track is also bold and a huge improvement over previous editions.
This must have been a popular episode, because at some Disney Stores you can see a Ducktales display based on it.  
I've read the books, and this was the only film I have seen.
Rather, I went into this project naive... ignorant of the details of the story of Alice in Wonderland... ignorant of the poems within the story, and certainly ignorant of the comings and goings in Lewis Carroll's life that set up the circumstances allowing him to imagine the story of Alice in Wonderland (originally entitled "Alice's Adventures Underground", by the way).Watching that 1951 Disney rendition of AIW was a remarkable experience.
I am a very big Disney fan, and have been making a collection of similar movies like Beauty and the Beast and Aladdin, etc.
The CD would not play.  
Would buy again if needed it.
The shirts all get way too small (think Britney Spears circa 1998) and you can't had your toddler going to preschool in that nonsense, so this will be a temporary part of your dress up clothes collection, but a necessary one.  
Some sellers had them listed for insane prices, not at all worth it.
Eloise may always get into trouble no matter what the season, but her heart is in the right place.
I realize the point of the plot is seeing how all these very different people end up forming a little family when they have no choice, but I just didn't enjoy hearing these people complain constantly, particularly the main stars, Gould and Lafleur.
Great item for a child, not to heavy and not hard to clean.
the hat on the other hand, is kind of small, it didn't fit my son at 2 months old (he is 4 now and the booties still fit pretty well)
While ABC had shows like The Practice, The Drew Carey Show, and Spin City that pulled in moderate ratings they needed something more to boost them back up to their previous standard.
This was a Christmas gift for a little girl.  
Ed Wynn and Jerry Collonna are perfectly cast as the Mad Hatter and March Hare.
They won't stay put and will go down.
We do not have blu-ray or a large screen tv yet
Although these are major complaints, I still would consider not skipping Rushmore.
Needless to say, this is a wonderful lossless high resolution soundtrack and the best I have heard of "Peter Pan".
Family, friends, enemies, finding love, coming into your own person, dealing with the pressures of life - especially in their line of work.  
Im happy to have to share with my 5 year old boy.
This doll is great the hair is exactly like the movie her dress is a soft slickly dress her accessories include shoes,a bow,a arrow,and a arrow pouch her shoes are those archery boots and her face includes freckles and her look like in the movie her face looks like she is aiming at a target this doll Is very articulated
These might make good ornaments for a shelf or something, but are bad toys.
the colors, the art, the monsters, the idea of capturing screams as energy - the scene with the conveyer belt-way of doors is mindboggling.
Thankfully, Disney's / PIXAR Blu-ray release is a lot tougher to criticise thanks to a stunning video presentation, an excellent 3D experience, a top-tier 7.1 Dolby TrueHD surround track, and a treasure trove of special features, many of which are new to this release.
Bought these as a gift for my neice and she loves them!  
My only complaint that has nothing to do with the actual product is that I could have probably gotten a better deal if I planned out my shopping better.  
Amazon is charging waaay too much for this toy, which isnt even that durable anyway.
Mostly depth and atmospheric effects, not a lot of pop.
They played it as the board game for one whole day, when it was rainy outside.
With that being said, the bears are cute and my daughter actually put them with her little people.
As usual the early seasons were the best and they are the ones I recommend
She really enjoys it.
I enjoyed all the characters really well; although Mike Wazowski was my favorite.
But the Beast never rescues Belle except once from the wolves, and that isn't the climax, and she doesn't know that this is a prince, but only a horrible Beast.  
even tho  this is a kids movie I still love it and put it on all the time just to remember how it is to be a kid
not too many good AND appropriate movies for family anymore
I asked where, she said how aobut soimwehre outside of the house hahaha..anyway, might be slightly too scary for the little ones as it is different to see it on the screen and sit through it with a cuddly toy but different to bring it home.
This is a gem.
These dvds were in really good condition.
They are inflatable so some care is needed but we have had them for a year and a half now and my son still uses them for "super hero" play time.
Hubby & I just saw Monsters U in theaters and enjoyed coming home to see this a few days later.  
I bought this to complete my set and it had scratches all ovr.
We sat and laughedover and over.
It's a fun show for the whole family and the songs are awesome!
I also didn't realize they connect together by the puzzle pieces at the bottom, and my son likes that about them.
I have almost every Disney animated movie ever made.
The wand is wonderful.
I've watched this movie many times and it never gets old.
Filled with memorable songs, characters and colorful animation.
Wonderful story and great music.
Both series' episodes are in color with the intros in black and white as the original openings in color are lost.
Lighting Mcqueen is not that interesting.
For those of you who haven't seen it your missing out.
The camera work for the first hour or so is hard to swallow as it gets shaky.
May I recommend the Monsters Inc. coloring books complete with stickers and activity puzzles, and also the ride located at Disney's California Adventures which is based on the first movie.
Very disappointed in this tub.
I saw it on Black Friday and the price was too good to turn down.
However, unlike the tale, Ariel does not go through excruciating pain with each step she takes on her human feet.
Purchased it so could have it readily available for my grandson's visits.  
Great story, great animation, great songs by Phil Collins.  
A few character adjustments but all for the best.
Bill Murray is, as always, consistent and solid and delivers his frumpy everyguy to perfection.
Its overall an awesome movie that young and old will love.
It looks so good, she likes the pattern, it is big enough so she can easily turn around.
So far they are still intact and he's pretty rough.
no, really?  
Both the book and the movie are about what happened in Denmark with the Danish resistance during WWII, however the book doesn't follow the movie and has totally different characters.  
My Granddaughter loved the movie.  
they did refund my money.
Much is made of cut segments; however there are also many segments included, almost one per episode, where were not shown in the US, only in the UK.
We also like Mater Tales.
For example, and I'll try to be as spoiler-free as possible here, towards the end of the movie the two leads make a discovery (which is hinted at throughout the film) that will change the "Monster world" forever.  
It took five dolls for me to realize first hand what does it mean to get a Princess doll that is made for Disney store distribution as opposed to one that is just Mattel made on Disney license and sold wherever..
The figurines are fine, with the exception of Tinkerbell's platform which is a tad uneven in texture.  
This Diamond Edition is a no-brainer purchase or upgrade and you should buy it.
I'd have to say Captain Hook is the most famous of all Disney villains, mostly because he has a hook for a hand, how could you forget that?
Luckily, a solid script, captivating songs written by Alan Menken, and brilliant artwork came together to create a cinematic masterpiece for the ages.
John Turturro in the role of his lifetime, the great Paul Scoffield and Ralph Fiennes (one of the ten top actors around the world) further accentuate this overwhelming film.
Through all that play (or abuse), they have held up just fine.
Now more than ever we should be teaching our young girls and women that they should believe in themselves and not be pushed into doing anything they don't want to.
I really liked it, though.
Welcome to the Himalayas!
He marches to the beat of his own drum and is one 'cool cat'.
While the book itself was rather snarky and somewhat sarcastic, in the movie, Pinocchio was transformed from a sarcastic little brat into a creature who was often inveigled into large and costly errors because of his innocence.
Her song, Just Keep Swimming, will not only make you smile but stick in your head for hours afterwards.
The whole family can enjoy this movie and you may even be able to teach your kids something (not to mention learn something as a parent as well).
WALT DISNEY SE ESTAN VOLVIENDO FLOJOS, DEBERIAN TOMARSE MAS TIEMPO PARA RESTAURAR MEJOR ESTAS PELICULAS
Bambi was nominated for three Academy Awards for Original Song, Scoring of a Dramatic or Comedy Picture, and Best Sound, Recording.
We enjoy watching our Amazon digital copy immensely.
Every blade of grass has a 3D effect in Tangled where in Nemo often just the characters are in 3D and the background is flat (you can tell because you can still see it clearly if you peek under your 3D glasses).  
It is an amount of fear and terror that is often unequaled by most of today's horror films.
In Pom Poko, we have a good example of this.
I had to return this puzzle because a piece was missing from one of the puzzles.
The primary mode is where you have to select a car from the bottom of your screen when it shows up in the movie.
The color is a bit distorted but still watchable.
YOUR WHOLE FAMILY WILL LOVE THIS !
Cast very well!
It is long, boring, and not fun at all.
Walt Disney Color TV Introduction (1959) -
Most noticeably on Cogworth's face.
My daughter loves this plushy!  
This is a true Disney classic for me--although I could do away with the show the dishes/silverware put on  I would recommend this for anytime and any age.
At the time I did have an animal hat but was skunk.
She likes lambie best.
Merida's dress is sparkly, her shoes stay on well, but can be taken off for outfit changes, and the crown is firmly secured to her head so it doesn't just fly off.
I'm sure these little cartoons are fine most of the time.
The 1st 30 minutes of Rushmore might be some of the best filmmaking Anderson has ever done: Humorous, at times actually hilarious (C'mon how can you go wrong with high school production of Serpico?), and the characters are shown more interest than the plot.
Tea party perfect!
But they also give you way to view the movie with changing borders on the side of the movie.
My baby is happy so that makes me happy.
It's a fun movie with great music and Ursula!  
Parents should squash their negative views of these Princess Stories DVDs and give them a fresh, new look for what they really are.
Children as well as adults love the frist Monsters and see it over and over again.
Of course, Alice in Wonderland is crazy and colorful and full of adventure.  
An old movie that brings back a lot of fond memories of my childhood
This is Disney at its best.
Original Theatrical Trailers (1951 & 1974) -
The first Princess Diaries is good but I think the sequel is even better.
Very nice quality doll.  
Time Teasers:  Gyro invents a watch that allows anyone to move incredibly fast.  
OZ LOOKS FANTASTIC.
I detest that cake.  
Her expression is haughty and disdainful, she is almost frowning - and it is marvelous!  
There is the original 20-minute "treatment" that was shown to Katzenberger and the other Disney executives (which led to a change in the creative leadership of the film)  
My 6 year old daughter has a collection of these little Palace Pets.  
How can you not like a movie where Billy Crystal plays... an talking eyeball?!!  
Abrams and his writers really up the ante on the second season of Alias.
Bambi is all the original art as clear as it can be... beautifully drawn  and of course Bambi is a great Disney movie  I highly recommend this diamond edition of Bambi its great!
The only complaint I have (aside from the above mentioned one) is the turgid score which sometimes gets in the way.  
We start off with "Send in the Clones" where sorceress Magica Despell who magically transforms the Beagle Boys into clones of Scrooge's nephews to capture Scrooge's first lucky dime, "Sphinx For the Memories" has Donald Duck as a guest star where he is in Egypt kidnapped only to be turned into a king where he must battle a mummy with the help of his uncle with the boys, "Where No Duck Has Gone Before" deals with the boys with Launchpad being on their fave TV show but ended up in space for real which is a very "Galaxy Quest"-like concept that was years before that movie.
Still, one more plush toy to put on her bed with dozens of others...
He loves his new blanket and pillow case.
This was an enjoyable film.  
While exploring a house, Jiminy Cricket plays a record that tells the story.
Walt Disney Color TV Introduction (1959) -
And that's a shame because the storylines could've been taken much further, but never were.
The comparison shots here are truly so amazing as to be worth the price of admission alone.  
Good traveling toys.
My husband bought this for our daughter for Christmas 2 years ago (she was 2.5years old then).
The attention to detail in the face and in the clothing is very nice.
Nice eric doll, mu daughter loves it . . . . . . . . . . . . .
I hope this one fared better.
My little boy loves it and plays with it constantly, seems pretty durable.
I gave this movie one star because it is marketed for children and it crosses so many limits that are unacceptable for children to watch.  
There are a few behind the scenes & deleted scenes.
But never fear, all Adam needs is a strong female figure to settle him down.
This is a classic and my granddaughter wants to collect them all for her future children to enjoy (as well as her renewed enjoyment now)
any one with drama in their life needs to purchase this movie and sit down with a couple of friends and watch it
They needed a film that would be a financial hit at the box office and something that would doom the company.
BUT, make sure and play all the disks to make sure there are no bad spots on them.
But my favorite feature on the Blu-ray disc is "Through the Keyhole-A Companion's Guide to Wonderland," which is better described as a "video commentary."
It's also one of the more exciting moments in "Finding Nemo.
4. Aspect Ratio.
The soundtrack does make an impact at times though, such as in the storm at sea where Ariel saves Eric and the final battle against Ursula.
We got Woody to give to our son as a gift and boy does he love him!!!  
Frequently jumping from one psychedelic-influenced and oddly written segment to another, I never really could keep track or even understand the purpose of the events taking place.  
What did you ever do?"
everyone should have a copy of this movie.
He is very cute and the perfect friend for our daughter.  
A classic and masterpiece.
Prince Eric and Ariel come close but are foiled by Flotsam and Jetsam.
I thought the animation about the hitchhikers guide (book) in the movie was cleverly done.
Andreas Deja (Supervising Animator at Disney) gives a tour of the archives and shows off some of the rare treasures/artwork.*"The Old Mill": early Disney Technicolor short and winner of the 1937 Academy Award for Best Short Subject/Cartoon.
Sadly, in thinking about that, I was forced to see this element at play in this film, even if it is subtle and not propagandistic.  
if you are looking for an educational toy you can use it to identify body parts and colors.  
Robert Redford's masterwork may boast of hitting the mark with this full rounded portrait since the times of Lumet's Network.
The awesome Diamond Edition is comprised of the Blu-ray, DVD and digital copies of the film, and they are loaded with extras, including never-before-seen deleted scenes and alternate endings, deleted songs, introduction by Diane Daisy Disney, Tinker Bell: A Fairy's tale, and much more!
When I saw this movie in the theaters I enjoyed watching it enough, but I kept thinking this was the worst Pixar film I have seen.
I found Kurt Russel to be very refreshing back then and even now, watching this movie again.  
My son likes it as well
Yet another source of comedy occurs when Dennehy decides to reduce the weight in his little airplane, and tosses a large wooden crate off the plane (the crate has large printing on it reading, TOILET PAPER.(4) SPIRITUALISM.  
Monster Inc. is one of my top Pixar movies.
I would purchase this again.
Bonus Features: Bloopers of the Caribbean.
It's cute and very soft.
Where the imagination can take you into far away lands you'll never forget TinkerBell!
had this for awhile now and only had to put in air it it once when I first got it.
Keep in mind that this was a movie made for kids, so a few parts of the storyline might appear as cheesy to adults, but this is still a lovely movie and should appeal to all ages.
Thank you Amazon for having it!
They looked brand new and played excellently!
The characters from the boat have a small hole in the bottom of the foot that hooks onto a small peg on the ship.
I read the book, watched the tv series, love the movie.
"Sneak Peaks:
I don't feel like they are the cutest dolls out there, but they are very durable and she loves them.
I love the story.
My wife loves this movie and I think the bits I've seen are pretty funny.  
I think a reasonable car movie would be something involving all of the NASCAR races on ESPN and ESPN 2 with real people in the cars racing them and do the animation that way.
Having been a fan of Walt Disney movies for years now, I was extremely pleased to find that Bambi was coming out on DVD.
There are many moments when the skillful cinematography, majestic scenery, and other worldly music combine to put their spell on you.  
Two side pockets are a plus though I have not used them yet.
But the seams are tough and the joints are easily moveable so Woody looks and moves exactly like the one in the movie.  
The story is 99% fat free, every sequence moving logically from one to another.
A+A darn food collection if you ask me.  
I had no idea she would love it as much as she has.
She and her brother love Toy Story, so this was part of a very Toy Story-themed Christmas.  
My daughter has enjoyed a lot with the set of clothes for the little mermaid, enjoying the moments of the film
The other reviewer that gave the bag a bad review because of the price on Amazon should consider shopping around.
And Walt had no problem putting out a cheap rendition of that book and slapping his name on it: Walt Disney's Bambi (that must have been a shock to the poor author who actually created the character!).Still, it is breathtaking to watch decades later, like paintings in motion.  
package was great mail time was great very happy with service
It came very quickly,practically overnight,  thanks Amazon Prime.
Such a shame and kind of a waste.
no small parts.
This price is crazy awesome to, no reason not to take a deal like that!
"Thru the Mirror", and Disc Two contains the early 1920s live-action/animation hybrid short "Alice's Wonderland".
It is a very nice size, about 7 inches, and seems very well made.
True character and self worth are inherent.
I got it at the Disney Store for only $24.50.
This is a great movie, especially for my grandchildren who are learning to ride!
And I like pretty much all of the enchanted servants.  
Beckett makes ridiculous charges against them.
This was prior to the height of Frozen-mania, but it was the Disney store was still sold out of many Frozen items online.
Of course the winner gets the Big Heart Jewel Reader to put in the top of their tiara.
The mother, Sylvia, decides that she wants to get married and expand her family, and chooses her present acting director as the perfect candidate, despite the fact that Tom Selleck has a little crush on her, but is too afraid to make a move.
And this is where the Blu-Ray really shines.
wouldn't recommend for little ones..doll is ok
But, we found out (and I guess I should have looked closer when ordering, so this was MY FAULT) that they are NOT the die cast ones that go w/ the set he got for his birthday.
They just didn't quite impact me emotionally enough to make this flick work properly.
Historic movie about the Vikings and possibly the celts.  
Origins of Beauty and the Beast2.
They are made of very light weight plastic, seem cheep, and the yellow and orange plane's propeller keeps falling off.
I got this and the sophia doll for my daughter and it is exactly as pictured.
Movie is very cute for all ages.
A really great purchase!
The rest of the movie doesn't work.
I have a 3D TV and I loved this movie as a tween.
however, i would go and buy at the Disney store, it has a price sticker from the store that says the doll is $26 vs. the $30 that Amazon charges, plus in Amazon it says it was originally $50 but the sticker from the store says differently.
It's a very good quality puzzle.
The animation is very well done in this film, as it's Oscar will attest to, and the backgrounds are rendered with a level of detail Disney films have lacked in recent years.
It isn't has nice has the first one I purchased from Paradis Playland, but this one actually works!
I guess this is what you get when you don't buy new...
my son has thrown them off stairs onto hardwood and they are still to this day in one piece
even to listen to.  
Not to mention equality.
She likes the popping noise and the flash of the lights.
The animation is very nice and it is better in 3d than in 2d (in my judgement).  
its great if you love the classics my daugher really enjoys watching this and the picture is better than the VHS im used to.
For the most part, however, everyone takes it in good fun, with the highly formal Jessie (Annette Crosbie) a case in point, her husband bemused and she herself enjoying the experience greatly.
Great price and fast shipping.
Zach Braff is perfect as the nerdy sort of Chicken Little, i don't know who does the voice of Runt, who's pretty funny.
i simply state how it affected me.
but I wouldn't recommend.
This bullseye is better than expected!
Peter Pan' features beautiful animation, well-choreographed scenes of fight and flight, inspired voice-acting and memorable songs.
I really enjoyed this movie.
One adventure blends into another which was the reason fans of this movie wanted more!  
I was a child when the series aired on Sunday night.
Typical Disney...everything's "nice" and "sweet" and "charming".
Our kids love these movies.  
A great game.  
Bambi is one of the greatest Disney features of our time.
So I purchased this the price everything!
My biggest beef with this 2 Disc DVD collection is Disc 2.
an Alice you'll love will be waiting for you thereand if the telling don't exactly track Mr. Dodgson's themelike we said before...
THE HOLOCAUST WAS DEAD AND WE MUST CONCENTRATE FOR THE WONDERFUL FUTURE OF PEACE.
It's a classic Disney movie.
I wouldn't waste my money on these again.
One of my favorite movies of all time, but I have to say it seemed alot longer when I was a kid....
but to me she is the best Disney villain!  
I used these figurines for my daughters princess birthday party in June 2012, they were originally bought for her cake
This new release features a new enhanced digital restoration, newer special features and the use of Disney View and the introduction of Disney's Second Screen technology.
HD/Bluray is the way to go!
I have a 3 year old, yes, that's right!
My Grand Daughter loved her Pocahontas Doll.
Volume 2 had a Snow White story ("The dinner dance"), and volume 3 had a recap of the Cinderella movie ("Cinderella Story," though instead of using still visuals, they actually included animated footage unlike the three previous ones).
I decided I was a mermaid when I was little after watching it, so obviously I had to add it to my collection of films.  
Loved the show growing up and now I can watch them whenever I want to see Tim be a fool.
I had no idea
My daughter loves all the Disney princesses
The picture of the doll that is shown is so ugly...the doll does NOT look like that thank god.
I wish they would have kept up the story.
laughed and I cried.
Anyways, I question how they would do a 3D cartoon that isn't like the movies cars.
You pick a card, guess which princess the picture is associated with then use the red heart gem to reveal the answer and how many jewels you earn for that card.  
It's Disney with a touch of real life teenager.  
Trailers & TV Spotsa.
hours of fun  but what ever happen to tinkerbell
There is no edge enhancement, noise reduction, or anything untoward or artificial.
Got all of the POTC movies for my daughter.
These Mickey Mouse and friends squeeze toys are adorable.  
We don't like noise so we never put in any batteries in the hair dryer.  
Another Disney classic.
The hat doesn't stay on great but overall a great toy!
Someone like Jennifer Lopez or Delilah Cotto would have done a better job capturing the likability of Angela.
That STILL would have been too much to pay!  
His wings and helmet popped off all the time.
My daughter loves Stuffy!  
I know that it bombed at the box office
It wreaks or smells horrible also.  
Lambie is great for lots of cuddles, and is the perfect size for my three year old.
I am afraid Disney ruined this one with too much cleaning up.
this amazing!"Alas, my love for the rich animation, the boisterous musical numbers (`Be Our Guest' is one of the best Disney songs, ever), the impassioned performances (they may merely be voice actors, but the emotional relevance is there in every syllable) and the soulful understanding of the material goes unmatched, really.
The one on cars is his favorite.
Play set was part of a shelf display created for grandkids to play with .
Plus ever since they watch this movie they think reading is cool.
Great story's and great voice actors.
This too is a classic!  
his stuffed bunny) somehow accidentally gets into the path of the harried inventor's matter-sizing ray.  
Our family has had Disney products like this one for years and I've yet to find any tears or loose eyeballs.
These were a gift for my sister and she liked them, said they were thick and of a good quality.
Love Bambi, who wouldn't, happy with my purchase no problems!
My kid is nuts about Cars and likes playing with the little diecast cars put out by Mattel so this was a no brainer buy for us.
I believe you can see also the reversal of some form of these at work as the movie progresses.
holds up well.
However, if you require any further information then please do not hesitate to contact us.
The fact that he didn't know any better was actually at times a saving grace as he and Jimminy Cricket found themselves in real danger, thanks to Honest John and his cohort, Gideon.
It was great.  
what else do you need to know?I really love this show as a kid, and still love it, and if you have kids, this a must show they should see...
A classic, my 2 year old son loves this movie so i had to buy it.  
Nice family movie.
I wish "Jabberwocky" and the sensual "A-E-I-O-U" could have had longer arrangements.
If you're a Banderas fan its a must.
he is sitting very well, he will walk soon, but this bath is still not very safe.
It is hilarious and I highly recommend it.
Then I needed one for my child and got this one.
After Walt Disney's 1940 masterpiece FANTASIA failed at the box office, it's surprising he ever again tried illustrating music with animation--
There is no need to hang onto it.
You know Disney is going down the tubes when they have to remake a classic.
The DVD, by the way, is a fine presentation, particularly because it includes an actual making-of featurette!
The combination of second chances, ambition, and learning from mistakes makes Pinocchio one of the most important parables in not just the history of Disney, but also in the history of film literature.
It has great songs and characters.
But I really enjoyed it, and I think if you don't put a ton of expectation on it, you will find it is a fun movie.
This is one of my all time favorite movies.
Now I have the digital copy so I can download it to my phone and watch it whenever.
I tried talking my 4 yo daughter out of buying this game at TrU, but she insisted.  
It dives into the secondary characters a bit more and the lives in the castle
I just think this movie had the potential to be better.
This is a perfect Disney DVD for pre-schoolers and parents alike.
Her favorite are the kengaroo puppets.
Great family movie!
So for what it is, small plastic planes, at this price, it's a deal.  
Gorgeous restoration and transfer.
The rare collection of true rarities certainly makes up for the sets shortcomings.
This movie cracked me up!
You might not be able to tell from the picture, but there are shin-guard type pieces for the legs, and gauntlets on the sleeves.  
I love this video, it was cheap, fast and a great pleasure to watch.
By collecting the screams from children the monster are able to power the monster universe.
It's enchanting to kids and adults alike, and really is a work of art.  
The dvd plays in our car and the bluray is used in our living room.  
One of their most musical animated films The Beast comes to Blu Ray with one of the best transfers of any of their animated films.
It's just cheaply made, the paper was already beginning to separate from the particle board puzzle pieces.
I strongly recommend the purchase to make every little boy very happy.
I just thought I would add my own two cents to this movie review section.  
As compared with her many other stuff animals, this one will not loose shape or get ruined quickly.
And you can't beet the price was also very good.
Fun to watch over and over.  
When not done to excess, these creative touches can be impressive, and the Blu-ray shows them off to their best advantage.
Thankfully it played well and I was able to rip it to my PC.
When I first heard Disney was going to make a movie about cars, I was skeptical.
They just don't make them like they used to :)
It is very uplifting and educational in an age when children's dreams and very ability to dream are under constant attack by the dangerous and cynical world we adults are creating year after year.
The main idea is that a jealous ex-principal wants to bring up test scores by making it impossible for kids to have fun outside, so they spend all their time inside studying - and they try to take summer vacation away to do so.
My son has had Mickey for a year now.
If you're a fan of Wes Anderson, or if you are new to Wes Anderson, see Rushmore.
When Pinocchio is freed from the clutches of evil puppet master Stromboli Jiminy Cricket grimly utters, `goodbye, Stromboli', while the villains wagon rides off.
He doesn't care whether science declares we how many planets there are.  
Had to make my daughter ewatch the first episode and she fell in love.
Who doesn't love a strong woman who stands up for her family, rejects the bully, and sees the good in someone that most of us would avoid?  
I had to buy two for both of my girls.
My oldest son could not get enough of cars.  
He loves it and has watched it over and over again.
The set exceeded everyone one of my expectations for longevity and holding up to constant playtime.
Don't know why, but I still feel like the original version still holds up.
Great to have in collection to put on and watch when you're feeling it.
This is a lesson on being a good samaritan.  
This Oso is so dope.  
I'm sure it's just a product of its time but Peter Pan is kinda mean to Wendy.
but I do love this bed set!
I would have loved a Flynn with real hair.  
Anne Hathaway is just a beautiful girl and she blends well with Miss Andrews.
I guess I wanted to see her get out in the world.
I loved watching this as a child, and now as an adult I love introducing it to my children to watch.
I bought this for my niece who loves Brave.
A great movie typical of Disney, the good and the bad of life that makes a hero.
Then you find yourself doing movie talk with other like minded people.
i cant wait till he sees it!
I opened the package and the box appeared to have been taped shut with Scotch Tape.
A good buy!
I ordered the product during the cyber week sales, and thought that the $20 that I had paid for the product was fair.
I would rate this a very strong 9.0 to 9.25 out of 10.
Delightful and Enjoyable!
AudioRunning Time: 100 MinutesRegion: All RegionsNumber of discs: 2Studio: PIXAR / Walt Disney Studios Home EntertainmentAndrews 3D Blu-ray Review  The Limited Edition SteelBook French Import is absolutely fantastic held in the hand as it is to watch.
The show was good.  
This BD offers unmatched picture and sound and many hours of bonus material.
I'm not married yet, but eventually.  
I was not impressed and wanted to send them back but didn't have time before we had to send them to our grandchildren.  
The arguments that show the unsubtle darkness of the film come most prominently in two points of the film: after Pinocchio's first performance in Stromboli's puppet show where he makes plenty of money for the puppet master, he says that he is going home and will be back in the morning.
My kids really enjoyed it too.
He smells like strawberries!
its a blast its funny to watch.
Criterion Collection, as you've come to expect by now, has made Rushmore look and sound better than it ever has before.
Another thing I love about this film is the animation.
I only hope that their Fantasia set coming soon will be just as good.
I bought one other set of microfiber sheets and they went to good will in no time at all.  
but nah, it duh same thanggg!
I wish its aspect ratio was up to date because I don't like watching it in a tiny little square on my hdtv.
I have no real words to describe the weirdness of all the Jack Sparrows and the crabs.
BAMBI is one of the ALL TIME DISNEY classics that will stand the test of time...
I've always loved this movie...and even more now that my daughter is old enough to watch this and enjoy it with the wife and me.  
My daughter loves her.  
Full House was already well on its way to becoming a hit program when this movie came out.  
Mia has thirty days in which to get married or loseher right to the throne, so they have to find ahusband for her.  
Fun and funny.
I really became involved and wished for more.
The French admiral got a blistering reprimand from Napoleon when the French emperor heard what had happened.
An audio presentation that can't ger any better.
Cute toys, decent quality, lots of fun for little Mater fans!
But when watching 4:3 films, we get black bars on the sides.
He loved it!
Then the producers meet little known literary professor Charles Van Doren.
None of the DP/friends sets have villians, it seems this world, like heartlake city are universally calm and positive.
Watching the movie on DVD with digitally re-mastered picture and sound adds to the magical experience.  
Looks just like the Anna from the movie, love the attention to detail and the white strip in her hair.  
Sadly when it arrived at my home it was for the wrong region or something and I had no way of watching it and had to send it back and therefore lost money on it.
She appreciated the very idea of talking cars and then the races, Mator the "red-neck" car, etc.
Sure enough, most of the reviews on here are from people who want "The Swamp Fox"!
Poochie's back from the second film with the key, except this time we know what the key's for.
So what it's a woman, too much noise and baseless violence.
We got this for our six year old daughter as a reward when she brought home a perfect report card from kindergarten.
I paid a little under $12 through amazon.  
I purchased this as a gift for an 8 year old and he loved it!
These little guys are awesome!
We have been waiting for this movie to be released again to add to our Disney collection.
Now, I know the problems purist Disney fans have with the cigarette edited out of Bill's mouth.
It's well-written, you actually care about these eccentric characters, and the performances are top notch all around.
It is pretty tough too.  
When my baby tried to recline on the pillow, his tush slid right down and he dunked under!
Not that this one raises the bar by any means; it can just as easily be viewed as committing no major gaffes either.  
Is kind a small but really, really cute and pretty.  
It looks wonderful.  
Excellent movie to purchase for your collection of family-friendly films!
A spoiled prince is cursed to live as a beast until he can earn the love of a girl.
Broadway Musical Publicity Gallery3.
Very cute and entertaining!
Great movie exactlly what I was expecting.
Other than the timing issues, the soother is really cute and fascinates my daughter by looking at it.
Should you buy it?  
The DVD arrived early and was enjoyed by all who viewed it.
I really do enjoy this movie so I bought it.  
Just before the advent of digital cartoons this classic came out to speak to men and women both about the pitfalls of trying to be something that they're not.
Peter Pan, wahoo!  
Very cute though.
There aren't a lot of classic Disney bigscreen releases I haven't seen yet nor that I haven't seen in a LONG time.
I think I enjoyed the movie as much as my sisters kids did lol.
The 70s brought only semi-successful films, and the 80s were a very rough time for the company.
Case in point, Lampwicks transformation scene is terrifying and extremely effect even now.
And let's be clear: this movie isn't about environmentalism or "progress" versus nature, or any other narrow-minded this-v.-that conflict.
I highly recommend this product.
I love this movie.
Some of them have very little screen time, but they make such an impression on the audience and such a stake on the plot that it's quite difficult to imagine Pinocchio without them.
The colors and detail are perfect, I honestly don't think anything else they could have done with it.
I enjoyed watching the first season of Alias and would give it 4.5 stars.
I have enjoyed it every time.  
Still a must-have DVD, no doubt!
I loved the movie as well, and hope that it's a great movie for me to watch with my grandchildren
She loved the cartoon series.
He watched it for the 12th time last night, and I finally saw the whole thing from start to finish.
Seeing the trailor and seeing how many positive reviews this movie received, I really thought I was going to like this movie.  
Great movie for kids.
This is a great family friendly movie that is sure to delight viewers of all ages-my husband, I and our 6 year old daughter also love this movie.  
Agree with poor box design review, no way to reclose once you open.
I can't attest if this is the "real deal" or not.
I have this one and the cinderella one they are both sooo pretty!
I know some people don't get this movie but this book was written in the 70's and is excellent and the movie follows the book really well.
would have been great for the top of a sheet cake
I catch myself asking my daughters to play with them.
They fall right to the floor.
This doll here is about the quality of disposable mc.
Speed 2: Cruise Control5.
Often times a sequel is not as fun as the original.  
I watched it and it was a blast.
It doesn't hold my attention the way movies such as The Rock and Empire do, and those two movies are far more superior compared to this one.
Ever since I was little, this was my favorite Disney animated feature.  
If it did shoot the foam balls, it would definitely be a 5 star.  
A nice all combo in one!!  
They took some liberties (such as the field of fly swatters that hit you went you think) but it was quite well done and very fun.  
Wonderful plot and even better effects on high-def disc!
We were able to download it on their iPad they share as well as my phone (yes, of course it's for them).I'd recommend this to any Little Mermaid fan!
Soft where it should be and very sharp when it should be too.
Disney has done some excellent multi-part pilots/origin stories before (Rescue Rangers' "To the Rescue", Ducktales' "Treasure of the Golden Suns") but they really outdid themselves with this one.  
Would not recommend to other parents if they were looking for a set of Jake and the Neverland Pirate toys for their kids.
This set is adorable, looks exactly like the picture and the fabric is very soft - my little one absolutely loved it.
Amazon must have gotten tired of my inquiries because there appeared an Amazon e-mail with the Little Mermaid available to ship, no shipping charge, and I received it within seven days.  
Hard to find in stores.  
Check it out!
This movie is great, and I am so happy to now have it on dvd/blue-ray, I had literally watched the vhs to death.
Pirate Treasure Hunt GameIX.
Which is not a good thing.
She loves the doll!  
Ever since watching this film at the age of six, deer have been my favorite animals.
I am happy with this product in general.  
They are not on the blu ray disc.
They are perfect for him to hold onto and big enough that he won't try to eat them.  
I knew that animators and artists utilize reference material, but apparently in a number of Disney films live actors were hired to essentially act out the entire movie, which was then studied and recreated in animation for a true-to-life look.
Because "Beauty and the Beast", and so many of the other films being re-released soon were not originally made in 3-D, it seems they will experience a similar fate.
Tags are intact and item is clearly new.
It isn't.
It brought back so many good memories.  
See it turns out that while defying his father, young Nemo wanders too close to a human scuba diving expedition and ends up becoming a salt-water aquarium specimen.
Kids will love this toy!
and then go ahead!"  
My two older girls have an abundance of small dolls which they don't want their little brother playing with.  
I definitely recommend it.
My 5 year old Nephew LOVES having the "bad guys" as much as the good guys.  
But I was told by their mother that they just loved it.
It's a rare film that explores things like the fish in the sea and how they live and interact.  
Video quality is really good however, there's some scenes that have a blurry image.
You can't go wrong with Disney films for the kids.
Your kids will love it, if they love the movies.  
In this one, the overall production has a definite Disney style to it, which makes it different from the original, but as a movie it works pretty well.
A montage of Gepetto carving the wood for him(laughing wood, no less) would have made more of a connection between the characters from the outset.  
The smaller size has allowed my daughter to carry this animal around with her and it doesn't take up too much room in the tahoe when she brings it with her.  
I guess I should just cancel Prime and go back to Netflix where I can get it and much more.
Mater in Bounding: Remember the Pixar short with the Jackalope and sheep?
I only gave her 2 stars because while I hate it she will still be loved by my little girl.
He is president and founder of numerous school clubs, mentors a younger pupil and talks with airs and graces not normally becoming a fifteen year student.  
It is good entertainment for the whole family.
John & Ron Make Caricatures of Each Other* Animators Comment on Their Characters* Clements and Musker Demonstrating "The Little Mermaid Handshake"*
None of the characters or wierdos in Wonderland help Alice at all, Oliver Wallace's music in this movie is just crappy, it's just makes me want to throw up!
i'm not fond, as a rule, of true-story movies from before about 1960, because the story tended to be pared down to the very bare bones, and subsequently lacked a certain dimension.
Being able to find it again at a good price was a blessing.  
They both develop feelings for Miss Cross (Olivia Williams), who teaches at the school.
Disney's first 5 films remain the standout features and all hold a place in the best animated films of all time, not saying that later releases such as Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty and Beauty and the Beast don't hold spots there too, but the first 5 have a certain quality to them that has never been surpassed by the studio.
I was happily surprised how big this doll is when we received it.
Another useless waste of space on the Blu-ray, that maybe 1% of the people who buy this Blu-ray will ever use.
It's also fun to see what the costume designer will put Sidney in.  
My kids will LOVE this for the Holidays, a classic for ANY home library!
It comes in a well-designed, sturdy case, and consists of 3 discs.
If she does not prove that mortals and Halloweentown creatures can co-exist, the Cromwells will lose their magic at midnight on Halloween.
I bought this for my grandson's birthday.  
I think it's also a Target product, so you might want to compare prices there.
Product looks good.
I was addicted to everything Pooh and one day I saw this movie but could never remember the name of it so that my mom could buy it.
Anothe in a long line Disney Movies i love again it can be watch by your self or with family
And indeed, anyone even slightly familiar with the original release, easily noticed the difference in colors.
A CUTE TOY AND WILL GIVE MANY HOURS OF ENJOYMENT AND FUN TO ME AND ALSO
And I'm forgetting some stuff as well, I'm sure.
all in all a great toy!(sarah)and....  
Like the old Marty Robbins' song, "A White Sportcoat and a Pink Carnation," this game will have every six-year-old "all dressed up for the dance."  
If you like Disney/Pixar, you will love this movie.  
It came off as an odd combination of John Hughes' Ferris Bueller and the Coen Brother's A Serious Man.
This movie wraps up the Elizabeth/Will thing neatly (for now) and the 4th continues with Jack and Barbossa and is very enjoyable.  
Disney has a thing about parents dying, and I forgot about that when we watched it with my 5 year old.
Our daughter could barely fit this on and the teeny velcro in the back wouldn't stay shut when she bent over.  
OK, they are turned into donkeys and sold to the mines, but I suspect the Disney studios were able to recognize that a synonym for "donkey" is "ass."
I would recommend watching to finish the series but its a little less than satisfying.
I hadn't watched this movie in over a decade and it transported me back to when I was a little girl watching a magical princess movie.
Anyway, I just wanted to point that out, because I have no idea what special bonuses come on the DVD, although I'm guessing they must be worth it, since this was the first Winnie the Pooh movie to get a special edition DVD.
It would be nice if this film could get a quality Blu Ray release in the near future, but it I could live with thisedition forever.
Now they're re-releasing it in 3D?  
A wonderful retelling of the Beowulf story... scarred seemingly forever by petty ego and jealousy...  like somebody tearing off a third of a major painting....
All the old Disney cartoons are here, although I don't know if the singing is the same.
Tom and Huck is a great movie, it is a great movie for kids everyone should get this movie.
Now, as Alice voice Kathryn Beaumont states quite truthfully in the new bonus documentary, it is absolutely now one of the most popular and beloved Disney animated features.
With revenge in mind, Kenai sets out into the woods only to find himself magically transformed into a bear himself.
It is very much worth the price
This movie was one of my favorites when I was a kid.  
It was in great condition.
Good quality and purchased as a gift.  
He cuddles well during countless viewings of Frozen.
i love this movie.
The film is set in a post-ice age North America, where the local tribesmen believe all creatures are created through the Spirits, who are said to appear in the form of an aurora.
The bonus materials, besides an interesting "Making of" documentary, include a short animated gem: "The Little Matchgirl", based on the story by Hans Christian Andersen, one of the saddest penned by this rather gloomy spinner of tales, both beautifully and faithfully transcribed to film, in 2006, by Disney's Roger Allers and Don Hahn.
When I saw the play in Vienna nobody danced to this beautiful waltz melody, which I found missed a wonderful opportunity; in this edition's version there is more than enough dancing during the musical number, but the pictures and gags implemented are not quite as original as the rest, less classical and more "childlike" - the animation not so detailed, the colours more faded and the whole scene seems to address itself more to the children than to all viewers.
I actually gave it to a fiend about one partial viewing and they hated it...
I fully intend to get a replacement item....a BRAND NEW one at that.
And it's too late for the dream of a boy who never grows up.
Gorgeous animation, colorful and memorable characters and a great story!The Ocean is illustrated as a beautiful but very scary place in this wonderful animated film.
Knowing the story, and having seen it done many times and ways I was curious to see how this version went.
It's a formula that almost never fails and keeps popping up all the time.
For example, when Mr. Smith is dropped off on the frozen lake, he suddenly realizes that he has no way to efficiently transport his supplies to the banks of the lake.  
He watches it every weekend about two to fours times.
It seems to me that the 99 minutes was NOT enough to give this movie the time it needed.  
Well to me this is another great movie, The price for it is way out of this World really come on, now over $90 to get this blue ray really, someone must have a lower price for this movie,ALso BD Live is no good if your Blue ray player is not up to date and also not hooked up to the internet and how do i now this simple i got a movie that was blue ray called StarShip Troopers and it did not work at all, Sowhen an item say Blue Ray with BD Live
All in all this movie is great fun for the entire family and is one of those Halloween movies which is kid-friendly (I'd say seven and up if only so that the child will be able to follow the storyline and not be afraid of the weird make-up and stuff).
Love Phineas & Ferb, love Perry.just had to get this for the kids.
I was a little disappointed to see that the planes themselves are quite small.
Tarzan grows up to be a man and prove himself to Kerchak when he kills the leopard that is attacking the village.
Another must have as a Disney Movie Collector.
Bought this for my little great nephew.  
The animation is great and the plot (especially in the first several pilot episodes) is among the best story for any of the old cartoons.
I like to buy the kids movies and we have our own collection.
I was huffing and puffing when it was all done.
This show will keep you laughing for a long time.
I can say that I enjoy when Alice meets up with the White Rabbit and Dodo Bird moreso than when she met Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum.  
I don't have time for nit picking and nonsense.  
FUN FUN FUN.
He is led to Herbert Stempel and eventually to Charles Van Doren, the recent "21" champion.
Her older sisters were equally impressed.  
As the players move along there will be more and more treasures to look for and so the kids have to try to remember what was where.
My son is having a blast with them, so they are totally worth it!
Up has the benefit of being a potentially decent--albeit sentimental 30 minute short fillm bloated to almost 2 hours in length.
I've seen the entire thing and every season is great.  
I think it is probably better for summer, but I'm not sure because my daughter doesn't sleep under the covers yet.  
It is geared for the young and the young at heart.  
I can't wait to give it to them, they are heavily into anything 'princess' right now.
My niece likes this board game, she enjoys playing it with her friend next door.
It's become even more beautiful.  
While it is fun to do this, I would have to say as a critic some of the plots are a little bit of a stretch and it seems that the CIA (or SD6 once) have only a couple of agents and it's always Sidney Bristow in any mix.  
Yes, you deserve to make a profit if you have a hot item but come on -- be a little decent.
I understood the directors and other crew members of the film wanted to add that scene long ago when the movie was in production, but couldn't.
The price was really good too.
i love this movie.
It's a lot bigger than i expected and for that alone I will give it a 5.Love the custom, and the facial features of Merida,It's a real bargain at the price it;s being offered.i will definitely recommend this item for others to buy.
it must had something wrong with it!
This was probably one of the most boring movies I've ever wasted my time with.
I look forward to the time when my kids are old enough to sit still and take in a full movie like this.
Shipped quickly and was received quickly.
but it was just a tad scary for her.
Bambi and the Great Prince of the Forest4) Lilo & Stitch: Stitch has a Glitch5) Growing Up with Winnie the Pooh6
I got this among other cartoon dvds for my nephews and they absolutely love it.
Her crown was bent completely down and her dress on one side is bent up.
What's not to love about Finding Nemo!?!  
This is great movie!  
Watches it over and over.  
The picture on this blu ray is absolutely stunning with its lushness, and although I tend to pay a little less attention to sound than I do picture, I couldn't help but notice how beautifully it played through my stereo system, as well.
You would think he might be scared, but he is not.  
Still, the drama in this season is fantastic, both before and after Phase One.
My daughter has the whole family and she loves them.
I laugh and I cry.
This is a GREAT way to build a library.
Never bored even after 4th or 5th time watching it.
An excellent follow-up episode.  
I like the durability of them and they are very colorful for small children and easy to carry around.
Nevertheless, I feel like I have to mention the bad part because it is present--though fortunately it's subtle here, and doesn't hit us over the head as with several other films, so that it wasn't until just very recently that it even occurred to me to think of it this way.  
One of the dividers on the inside came out within a few weeks of owning it.
I find it quite interesting because as a child, I admit that I didn't care for "Alice in Wonderland" as I felt it was devoid the action/adventure of "Snow White", "Pinocchio" and "Dumbo" and even when it was released on video during my teenage and young adult years back in the early through late '90s, I passed on the VHS, LD and the later DVD version.
In case you've been living under a rock for the past six months, a quick plot summary: friends and roommates James P. Sullivan (John Goodmanthe big blue hairy guy) and Mike Wazowski (Billy Crystalthe eye) work at Monsters, Inc., the company that provides the monsters that inhabit the closets of human children.
This is a group of  a nicely done tales of Pooh and his friends celebrating Thanksgiving, Christmas, and  curiously, Groundhogs Day??.Recommended - I would give this a 4.0 out of 5!
THE ACTRESSES WERE GREAT IN THE MOVIE.
great family movie and continue on with the Priates of the caribbean movie.
You will literally find glitter all over your house and even on yourself when you didn't even touch it!
The DVD release of Last Flight of Noah's Ark doesn't fair much better in my review.
BUT ITS DOC MCSTUFFINS!  
All four puzzles can be stored inside the box, in their own sections.  
The clan is forced to find a new home in a clock-tower, when Xanatos is released from prison.  
Although "Beauty and the Beast" is and has been my absolute favourite film since I first saw it and I have watched it by now more than twenty times and in four different languages (I already knew I would adore it after I had seen a few screenshots and heard the soundtrack), I cannot deny that it contains some inconsistencies and inadvertences which I thought a new edition could at least have moderated a bit.
I MYSELF HAVE A COPY OF THIS
Science is not too good, but if that's OK, its fun.
and blows air!TOOOO COOL baby girl loves
We also returned our copy due to it being a bootleg (with flaws; it only played once and looked to be manufactured overseas), so be cautious about what Amazon seller you purchase it from.
Colors are lush and vibrant but free of any bleeding or over-saturation.
Finally replaced it in my library.  
She makes a deal with an evil sea witch named Ursula and leaves the ocean for life on dry land.
Unique perspective of the bear, through the mind of the human who killed the young bear cub's mother...........
they work pretty well, but come off more easily than I like.
I was a little disapointed in it when I opened it up.  
This is a very cute dress; not sure if it was worth almost $20 but cute.  
Stupid, IMO, if I wanted a locking box, I would've bought one.
Quality was great!
The goal is to get enough jewels to fill your crown, bracelet and ring.
He has equivalent monster trucks (same size, same price range) from another manufacturer and they have lasted 2+ years without breaking.
My two daughters really love the Doc McStuffins TV Series.  
This product is garbage.  
My 6 year old and 2 year old granddaughters love it.
And TalesSpin is one of them.
Cute characters like Chip (a chipped tea cup) who are also clever and resourceful, and an enchanted prince who, when finally the spell is broken, is truly handsome.
My daughter loves it.
"The Hitchhiker's Guide To the Galaxy" is a fun movie that mostly captures Douglas Adams'sThe Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxybest elements.
Home Improvement has always stood out amongst all the dozens of hopeless sitcoms out there.
but I have a DVD player (duh?)
Even though I am 39 years old, I can still watched this Walt Disney Classic as if for the first time, because every time I watch it, I see something new!If you like animals, you will see your share in this one.  
A month later, they've all been thrown out because of breakage.  
good movie and great price.
Gonna make a perfect stocking stuffer this Christmas for an unsuspecting girl!
This is a nice set with some nice details -- the girls have been playing with them for the past week or so on and off again.
But Pinocchio went a step further, and became the first animated feature to not just win a competitive award, but multiple awards: it won Best Original Score and Best Original Song for the ballad "When You Wish Upon a Star."
I especially enjoyed the extended version with extra song that just seemed to tie everything together.
You have to get them really inflated in order for the wings to stick out straight like they should.  
It doesnt surprise me that this was my first Disney movie, as I was born the year it came out.  
Woody is very well constructed and has endured a lot of swinging around by his arms without any incident or damage.
For artistic reasons, the first 20 minutes has a Window Box aspect ratio (meaning that there are black bars on top and bottom and side to side) but after the bear transformation the film widens so that there are only black bars on top and bottom.
In short, Douglas Adams was a bad ass.
Mrs. Potts & Chipe.
Why not Halloweentown, eh?
On top of that it garnered fairly decent viewership in the coveted 18-49 demographic and over the first season it averaged 9.7 million viewers.
My 22 month old son LOVES to point out the different characters to me as we read books before bed.  Anything to distract Mommy into staying longer...Would totally buy this again.
Its episodic, serialized like many other previous Disney endeavors however in many cases the atmosphere itself seems the same throughout.
The Case of the Cola Cult: Just as Gadget is questioning her usefulness to the team, the Rangers encounter a disturbing cult of rats who worship the fizz of "Kookoo Cola."  
Recommend it for your collection.
Of course, I love this movie also!
light silly comedy boy seeking girl love prevails a great movie for laugh and escaping reality of nonsensicle love story
Everything we were expecting.
it's approximately 4 inches long by 2 inches tall.  
My grandson sat there calm peaceful and quiet!!
The second was a huge disappointment.
Why is he sailing around on this massive ship?But then we really get into it.
Great story.... love all the actors in it.  
They are very cute, I love Pooh Bear and have the matching tub matt.
When the movie isn't busy being dark and scary, it's sad and depressing.
The characters are amazing!
We purchased these as a birthday gift for our son.
The movie is great as it always has been.
She was very excited to receive it.
It even arrived early!
An Exclusive look at Walt Disney's Return to NeverlandV. Peter Pan Still Frame GalleryVI.
This was another great purchase.  
At first she was disappointed he wasn't the same one they have @ the character meet in Disney World but then decided he was better since he could ride her shoulder just like Rapunzel.
"Armstrong" has Gyro who creates a unique robot that helps people but has a mind of it's own to harm them unless they find a way to destroy it, "Robot Robbers" has the Beagle Boys stealing some large robots to use them for robbing banks.
The first time I got to the part where Captain Jack Sparrow is in Davy Jones Locker and lost interest putting the movie aside for probably a couple of years.
This doesnt air on tv anymore, so my children were excited to see these old episodes and have them available to watch anytime.
Sure, not everyone will be pleased.  
This was definitely a good purchase, and it works just fine.
Under the Sea Adventure: A Virtual Ride inspired by Disney Imagineers(Ride the Attraction / Ride with Disney Imagineers / Behind the Ride that Never Was)*
My nice loves this necklace, She loved the way it lit up but not quite as high quality as I was expecting for this
and it was cheaper on amazon than it was on ebay.
I watched Disney's animated "Alice In Wonderland" at the request of my 10 year-old daughter.
Kept hoping for it to deliver something worth while.  
I was a little susprised to see it in the film, but it was definitely a good surprise.  
would be a 5 stare if the suction cups were stronger.
Fell in love with this doll when I saw it in the store and I am glad that we got it for our daughter to play with once she's a little older.
As for me, I'm keeping my 1992 VHS tape to enjoy what was ORIGINALLY "Beauty and the Beast".
The girl in the movie is sooooooooo cute.  
Fortunately, Walt Disney, who is a wonderful businessman, managed to woo Bank of America in getting the funding for "Bambi".
I see new releases that are in the Instant store, before the official DVD release, and they let you purchase it but not rent it before the DVD release.
When the Tim Burton rendition of AIW with Johnny Depp was due out in 2010 I thought it might be a good time to go back and watch the benchmark Walt Disney production from 1951, which I saw -or assumed I saw- as a child.
INSTANT JOY!!!
you have to like the little mermaid, at least a little.
I haven't watched this in years, but after reading a Peter Pan story my kids wanted to see it.
They are the perfect size for little hands and the carrying bag is the perfect accessory.
This section includes a great performance with Disneyland characters in front of Sleeping Beauty castle performing a show, with the introduction of Mary Poppins floating in with show stopping magic along with chimeny sweeps.
Well, first I have to get my towel....
It's a great concept.
So when I saw this on Amazon I added it to my cart right away & plan on giving it to her for her birthday.
A good movie .
Me and my son has watched it together over and over and so far they always find him
I'd be more than happy to answer any and all of them.
Two moose are voiced by Dave Thomas and Rick Moranis doing their McKenzie Brothers from Strange Brew (an idea that sounds a lot funnier on paper).
I found that Amazon was the cheapest.
The songs are great.
This is the only reason I didn't take away a star for the annoying recording order.
Likes:*This is a card based puzzle game that involves players try to guess the identity of one of the eleven Disney Princesses when they draw either a clue card or a pretend card.  
In the early 1900s, Scottish novelist and playwright J.M. Barrie would go on to create the character
The sound had depth and an impressive frequency range.  
Recommended for all children and adults that are a fan of the Toy Story movie franchise.
She asked for it specifically
The tools all fit into the bag so it is easy to store away.
so tight!The voice work is remarkable (but what else would you expect from a company that immortalized Ellen DeGeneres as a fish).  
Without waiting for me to send my copy back, that's service!
The movie came to me in time and was in good shape.
I dont really like any of the movies to follow (cheetah girls 2,3,4,5,6 etc *sarcasm) but this one is great! :)
I was 15 when I first saw this film.
I love Mos Def!!!
However, both contain the same things: one BD and one DVD.
My 11 month old daughter loves this tub.
And I think she is going to love it a lot.
Nick Nolte and Martin Short each play their role beautifully, but the sweetness of the little girl touches the heart...  
She is over-the-moon with the "Tangled" movie.
One of our favorites!  
Alas, the production just seemed a little too...
and I was so excited to have Pascal as a plush figure.  
Its hard to believe this series is over 30 years old.  
Assistant FED chief (Internationale) to Bernanke
It's a beautiful movie.
So much is lost in translation--unfortunately most of what is lost is what makes this story special.
My son has managed to put 6 of the standard size cars characters inside the lower area, and can open and close the tailgate easily.
Very fun and amusing movie to watch.
This doll is quality materials with a beautiful dress.
Is that why you shut up?
My daughter hates being hot as she sleeps this was the perfect comferter she really enjoyed it.
But near the 40 minute mark, the film's characters become out of focus, putting more attention on the war between Fischer and Blume than on what really drives these characters.
The dvd came in good condition and I hope you enjoy this movie if you decide to buy it.
This could threaten his relationship with the Alliance and make everyone at SD-6 a target.
Must say that first.
Even if you don't believe in Catholic Christianity or patriarchy, as I do, I would hope that an open mind and an open heart would recognize that this kind of plot line depends upon people already being familiar with "the way things are", in order to question the wisdom of their being that way, and so this kind of story depends upon the very thing it's against, in order to make sense.  
Something we like to do together.
Love it, love it, love it.
Well worth the price
I remembered, of course, that Bambi's mother was killed by hunters, but did not recall that it all happens off-screen.
The Ariel route in this feature is also entertaining because you are given the choice to attack Ursala with Dinosaurs...lol.
Helps children with creative play or follow the books.
Our favorite sight was the Hackberry General Store in Hackberry, Arizona, on which Lizzies Curio Shop in Radiator Springs was loosely based.
The idea of anthropomorphic cars is fun.  
I loved the crackled detailing on her body and hair.  
Davy runs afoul of Mike and frustrates him by refusing to be browbeaten, so they settle their differences with a keelboat race.
No other Disney princess film...before and after will ever top Beauty and The Beast!!!
One of the greatest aspects of this film is the villain, Disney being notorious for having the greatest villains in animation in the Evil Queen, the Stepmother, the Hunter, making the villain-less films really lack this quality.
THANK YOU!!!!
Beauty and the Beast is my favorite Disney film and one of my all time favorite films.
As the first ever animated film to be nominated for Best Picture, the movie itself doesn't really need me to say how great it is.
I do wish that it came in a larger size though.
'Duckworth gets a little time in the spotlight in 'Duckworth's Revolt' when he is kidnapped and has to encourage some prisoners to rise up against their captors.
Just because you don't think this is right doesn't mean it's not helpful.
He encounters all sorts of dangerous and eccentric aquatic personalities.
well it does not look remastered at all the picture looks like a regular VHS tape transferred to DVD diskAlso
This is an excellent film with the right amounts of suspense and pacing plus excellent performances by all concerned.
Thumper is a wonderful character and the whole film is touching and poignant.
They were $29.99 each.  
I ordered this dvd as a gift for my girlfriend, which she loves anything Disney, is especially GREAT because it's in Blu-Ray format and has a bonus dvd.
And the rest of the story is every bit as predictable as it is melodramatic and weepily sentimental.
Any time I'm sad or just having a bad day this is what I watch.
Beauty and the Beast, and and Aladdin were the others.
This is an AWESOME item!
Okay, on to the review.
For the entire movie, I was blown away.
....my favorite movie of all time.
Now I am going to discuss and rate the other doll.
And then this film came along and it was so completely wonderful, I remember taking my family to see it and, for the first time since that cursed Star Wars created the endless sequence of end credits, I sat through all the credits to listen to the music again.
If you just want to watch Jack Sparrow do the same stuff you love watching him do.  
I am a fan of the Viking era and have seen this when it came out on HBO but wanted to have it in my collection.  
I was reluctant to get this game because of the many 3-star reviews, but my 4-year-old daughter absolutely loves the Disney Princesses right now, so I figured, what the heck.
Hinge operates smoothly and stays open while pouring batter without having to hold the top in place.
I never read the book but I am hooked on the movie.
On closer inspection I realized all of the planes are made of multiple pieces.  
The movies on this DVD were fine.
But she loves her father, an eccentric inventor who is generally thought crazy, but who actually makes things that work.
It didn't get as much recognition as other animated movies
Without a brush.
He has no idea how once he finds he cannot swim fast enough to keep up with the boat.
But I think I got ahead of myself because this movie actually comes in with the singing pirates getting hanged.
had all of the trading cards and a tent set up in the back yard too.
That is all.other than that,This movie is hilarious!The musical number
Outstanding!The Magnificent shots of the Island with the Ocean Waves Crushing against the Rocks and the well Orchestrated Reflection of Lights and Shadows on the Dancing Waters and the Excellence Under Water Sequences Dazzling Animation and Animated Effects,...
What a great movie!
This movie is so cute.  
That would be fine if the story wasn't boring.
This winnie the Pooh film was very clean and perfect for our big family!
It's the same plot, again and again and again: a kid is an outsider in his society; he is ridiculed, he makes major mistakes, his parents can't relate to him (especially his father), but he has a certain ability and he ends up saving his town/village/world/family from certain destruction, at which point everyone realizes he's just great and the feel bad about having demeaned him in the past.
The Doll with tiger is just big and beautiful the other is puny in every aspect.
It is a really sweet history about a little guy (Chicken Little), half-orphaned, being raised by a very caring and loving but just a little overhelmed dad (Buck Cluck).
My friend and I watched the whole DVD and it worked great.
Recess: Taking the Fifth Grade is the final chapter of the now-classic Disney animated series.
These figures are not poseable, but very well made (hard plastic) and very true to the cartoon characters.  
The absurd circumstances he's put in are tailor-made for Dick Van Dyke, just as you could say about certain movies, "That was meant for Bob Hope" or "No one but Danny Kaye could do that part justice".  
good for kids but my kids don't like it and we are not even going to attempt the second film.
Thank you for everything being as you said it would be.
And unlike most series of the era, it still plays well today.
it is absolutely adorable, and is very similar to books I had bought for her older sisters in the past.
See my Jason's Lyric review about her performance in that movie.
Ah, the wood and the king of the children, my children have had two lost.
they took real good care in the shipping of this movie.
As for subtitles, subtitles are in English SDH, French and Spanish.
At least, not from myself.
Alice's Adventures are episodic and disjointed; she goes from one encounter to the next, and there doesn't seem to be any real point to the story except the aforementioned "be careful what you wish for."
Very good movie,
Love  the  sayings.
With an amazing restoration that brings new life to the film and fantastic and inmersive bonus material this is a must-own release for a must-own movie.
And all the while remaining faithful to the book Michael Crichten wrote adapting a 9th century manuscript that is one of the first written works depicting the "Northmen".
I personally think Alias Season 2 is the best season.  
But just as happened with the Lumet's film, the Academy saluted the flag and decided to award the golden statue to Forest Gump, a modern fable that as with Rocky had a more optimistic statement and greater acceptance within the general public.
For granddaughter who will change 10 times a day in her playtime so a perfect and wonder ful gift for her
This is one of the most far-fetched and hilarious movies the Disney company ever came up with.  
My granddaughter is already claiming she won't grow up.  
Kind of like a SNL with Muppets.
Bell nurses her father back to health.  
A fantastic ending to the second movies storyline.
he loves duck tales.
No other movie out there like it which is why they are making another now.
"The overall look, though not quite as detailed, is very accurately captured from the first film.
This really is a deal breaker for me.
I enjoyed the show on VHS and i am glad to get it on DVD and watch it again .
No language problems.  
Totally recommend it!
I have a 2 year old son and we watched it as a family and he loved it!
Taking a young woman's voice away from her  and then requiring that she communicate with her body  is a powerfully disempowering message to send to girls.
Anyway, I just hope Pixar continues making more films like this, because these are exactly the kinds of films I hope to share with my own little ones someday.
My 2 year old can use it as a pillow very cute !
I screamed NO every time Ariel sold her voice to Ursula.
And Mater's Tales are even worse.
It's too bad it was such a short season.
And why is Donald so mad?
What a tragedy.
You tear up, you laugh, you're fascinated with the gorgeous underwater world, you'll never forget those quirky characters or look at a Clownfish (or a shark for that matter) the same way again.  
The picture is crystal clear - exactly what you've come to expect from Pixar.
They argue and fight (some of the best moments in the film)and while Beast does save her life at one point.
We have several of the Disney dolls of this style and this is our least favorite.
This fact gives it even more historical significance for cinema buffs.
My children watched it when they were young and now I watch it because my grandchildren are young!
Still, it's wonderful to have even a little view of what a nation can accomplish when it doesn't give in to tyranny.
The helmet isn't cracked...just won't close any more.  
It's not hard to see why the movie has enchanted children for the past 60 years as there's always something interesting happening.
Johnny Depp is great in the Pirates of the Caribbean series...we've really enjoyed each of the movies in this series with no exception!
A few times I didn't put it away immediately and her and her cousin decided to climb in and out of it and drag it all around the living room, no harm no foul.
I bought these for my 15-month old daughter who is starting to really love bracelets!
I now have another grandaughter, aged 6 months, so I have an excuse to buy another copy.  
My 5 year old Monsters inc fan loved it.
In this version we go down the rabbit whole with him.
Solid Metal body, so super durable and the detail is great...
Overall this is a very satisfying release.
Love the Disney pins.
It was a great hit.
Peter Pan's dagger is essentially the size of a grain of rice... or maybe 4 grains of rice.  
A great cast, beautifully executed animation, and those clever Howard Ashman lyrics make "Little Mermaid" a classic tale that will delight audiences for many decades to come.
[...] Glad it's on Blu-Ray, well worth it. :)
Anyone of any age will enjoy this 5 disc set.
It looks wonderful on Blu-ray and we used the DVD to watch in the car on our way to Disney's Cars Land (totally based on this movie) at Disney's California Adventure.
They look like they walked out of the movies when played with together.
Its that hard?
A Transformation: Glen KeaneTricks of the Trade1.
Great movie for little kids and parents too
Got this for my 2 yr old twins for Christmas as Tangled is their favorite movie.
I liked it the first time I saw it.
But if you're thinking about watching this film then you know the environmental themes are found in almost all of Studio Ghibli's fantastical films.
Kiwi's Big Adventure: The Rangers have to convert their plane into a boat during an attempt to flee from an angry tribe of Kiwi birds with dreams of flight, but Dale is too busy faking an injury to help out in the difficult escape.A14.
A few scenes looked great but most lacked in-screen depth, being shallower than in most animated 3Ds.
The puzzles are great quality.
He has no idea who she is at all.
I've owned this on tape, DVD and now blu-ray.
I bought this Blu-Ray version as a gift for my wife.
This was the first Disney movie to open at #1 since Pocahontas did it in 1995.
Holley Shiftwell is #5 in the Cars 2 "singles" line, and she's a very pretty, purple British spy car (designed as a Jaguar XJR-15)...
What once was a film filled  with very deliberate dark muted tones is now filled with shiny almost sterile looking images.
I like the focus on caring and relating.
Very satisfied with the look of Buzz, his 'bells and whistles' and everything he does is great and authentic to the movie, good size and everything.
This is her big gift.
As soon as he got this toy for his birthday, his eyes lit up and he fell in love with it.
The Blu-ray makes watching it like you are seeing it at a theater.  
Never saw this in all the years it has been out it was great.  
Players draw cards and answer questions about Disney princesses and when a Pretend Card comes up, the player acts out the particular princess so the others can guess who it is.  
Props to the people at Walt Disney Home Entertainment for not being completely Blu-ray-centric for those who still cling to standard DVD by including the newly-enhanced "Inside Walt's Story Meetings" feature, which replaces Patrick Stewart from the earlier version (another reason to keep the old DVD set) and adds about 26 additional minutes of expert, on camera commentary and a constant stream of supporting visuals that fly by on the screen as the entire film plays.
I had it on VCR (really?)
Thank you again :-) :-)
I will buy again.
Disc two includes 13 shorts, but being that some are rather long, I don't feel short changed.
It is unacceptable to ship a product with a known mistake and have no plans to fix it.
My 2 year old daughter really liked the Tangled movie.
The reason Ariel is one of my favorite heroines is because even though she is not wise to make a deal with the devious sea witch, but she still follow her heart and risk everything to have her dreams come true.
great Disney features but not being able to see the complete series was a terrible let down
We have two 3 year olds and a 7 year old.  
I give this movie a 5 star rating because it represented real urban life.  
Quite a lot of them.
the tarzan vhs was perfect.product arrived very early which is excellent.thanks for selling one of disney's wonderful vhs tapes thanks
I can still remember the plot and the characters, GENIUS!!
Very entertaining family film.
...want to watch this initially because they thought the character on the front cover looked weird.
They love Anna and Elsa.
Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End (Single-Disc Edition) is a wonderful movie.  
Got this for my kids to get them in the Christmas mood, but it was a waste.
Great price and kids love this movie
It's not degrading to women, it's a just a bloody movie that is not-so-far from the truth.
So it's about time I review the series itself.
This Merida doll is simply gorgeous!  
The sound quality is rich and lively, it might as well have been recorded in the world's top recording studio yesterday.
I did read many because I could not understand whether it would be any good.
Here, there is no "twee."  
It's one of Walt Disney's most beloved animated classics, one of the studio's greatest treasures and arguably the best Disney animated feature released in the 1950s.
Princesses have come to Disney's rescue more than once.
they both love them.
One could easily say that Pinocchio can be included in the golden days of Dinsey animated movies and can easily be compared in quality with the likes of Bambi, Dumbo and Snowwhite.
This is the only 'Alice In Wonderland' that counts.
The best way to get to world's end is to be lost, because if you're lost you'll be able to find any place that cannot be found.
Tarzan always knew he was different.  
But if they want to do another reissue, that's fine with me.
Four stars is because I loved the movie, but not the purchase.
I noticed that she'd loose interest at times because the characters would talk too much.
It arrived promptly, exactly as described and well packaged.
One day the VCR ate the tape so I replaced it with the DVD.I recommend this movie to anyone, including grandparents who has young children
Came packaged well and seems durable.  
The rest of the denizens of the town spend most of their time complaining about how the Interstate has passed them by.
LIttle Toot and, of course, Pecos Bill, were exceptional as well.
& the story & characters are memorable.  
Lots of action and a different kind of show.
This has to be one of the best, if not the best disney animation ever created.
Anything bigger won't fit already.
My brother and I grew up watching this show, and my mom and dad wanted to get him something that he'd really like for christmas, I told them that I could get this easy and that they could pay me back whenever they wanted.
Excellent quality and design.
It's ok for us because I bought the inflatable wings, but without the wings, I think it would look weird.
Another animated movie I really enjoyed.  
When watching with small children, you end up pausing the movie every time a child needs to use the restroom or get a drink, so I love that the new Disney Intermission makes it fun for all the people left waiting for the film to restart.  
I recommend skipping - you're not missing out.
Everyone knows the story it has been remade time and again but nothing beats the original.
sound just like the movie
Expected a bit more from a Disney product.  
So I looked forward to seeing the sequel (ahem) prequel I mean.  
This is really like a series of short, continuing funny, quirky little antecdotes about the Yamada family.
I got them (on sale) for $10 at the Disney store.  
There have been many attempts to do so.
Against her father's wishes, and while dragging along her friends Flounder and Sebastian, she seeks out the devilish sea witch Ursula - who promises to give her a human form.
This is a perfect family movie, and I love all the characters!
Love what Disney has done with the Little Mermaid tale, in particular the change to a happily ever after ending (in the original she turns to foam, at least that's what I remember) that being said, the transfer to DVD is not up to Disneys high standards, not really bad just not as good as one has come to expect from Disney, never the less I highly recommend getting this disc, hopefully Disney will come out with a BLU-RAY edition, till then this isn't bad, enjoy the story and artistry of the animators, a little film grain doesn't really distract from ones enjoyment
Don't remember it being so sad when I was younger haha!
My daughter really loves her Clover bunny, and I think for the price it is made very well.  
I would reccomend to others.
And now to the catch - the miserable apology for a plot.
The movie does tend to wander until the conclusion, and sometimes the movie is a little too sentimental, but it does not affect this brilliant film very much, if at all.
I had bought this on tape for my son many years ago and the message it conveys is still true
Duckman of Aquatraz:  Scrooge is framed for stealing a painting from Glomgold's art gallery and sent to Aquatraz.  
And this is unique in terms of its genre, so that Disney was pushing the envelope and taking risks--and one new thing they did here was to have an actual screenplay rather than merely using storyboards.  
Bought this for my grandson and he really enjoys watching both movies.  
My grand daughter has the Mickey Mouse rocket which only comes with Mickey.  
Easy...by adding a ton of special features and three different versions of the film.  
Trying to get more disney movies in my collection.
i just purchased BAMBI in blu-ray cant wait to see it on my new blu-ray machine.
Most are short duration with the exception of rain drops/streaks falling up to 25% for an extended period.
Even the Nostalgia Critic really enjoyed it!  
I would recommend this movie to anyone who likes interesting story lines and comedy.
I love this growing up, and they did not change it!
I would recommend spending $20+ on a better princess costume from Target or Amazon rather than the $30 for this set.
What else can you say?
Very pleased with my purchase :)
I don't know why some folks think the cars are a cheap knock-off but the one I received are still holding up.
Add to this the Beach Boys seeing with Annette on a Sherman Brothers Theme song, and you've got an okay, but not great Disney film.
Don't we all love her!
The situation with the gambling debt is never resolved.
The tail makes her unique, versatile for play and is welldone.
classic Disney movie that every kid would love.
Does the Little Mermaid even need a review!!
This movie is very vibrant and colorful.
Our son adores Stitch and as you can imagine we can't wait to see his face when he gets his very own this Christmas.
this movie is about friendship and love.
I purchased this Platinum Edition 2-DVD Special Edition for my daughter because she has a love for anything that swims, especially fishies, and she loves The Little Mermaid too!
I like this one a little more the Lion King the depth just lookes better to me.
Would highly recommend...
Dory is funny and brave.
The end credits of B&B; state that the Beast finds his soul.  
Very nice movie = just fun to watch.
Art Gallery (with new design and new images) -
Hopefully unedited(even if slightly).
However, we are discarding it because of the excessive use of "shut up" and other disrespectful talk.  
Peter Pan and the Lost Boys act like real children.
She's pretty large, bigger than I expected and though she's made of plastic, she does have an almost china look.
She loves Doc McStuffins, and has been asking for the kit for months!
Disney has always been known for his animated "fairy tale" films.
1, More of the Thrilling Shows now
If you want to complete your collection of movies thats all i think this would be good for.
for a 4 year old she sat there.
Disney Classics are hard to beat when it comes to animated movies.
Picture was very good, but not full or widescreen.
Nice addition to a collection.
I absolutely love the premise of this movie.  
However, for yours truly the one that is a sentimental favorite is, without a doubt, the very colorful and fun "Finding Nemo," which was released in 2003, and deservedly won an Academy Award for Best Animated Feature.
Glad it was deleted!*
Poor Maximus.  :)
I enjoyed the movie and it arrived in a timely manner, and in excellent condition.
I only wished they included a Sleeping Beauty visual novel or even a Mulan and Pocahontas one (they're princesses too!)
Makes one wonder why anyone smokes today, unless the tobacco companies have found the most addictive chemical ever to add to their products.  
Had never seen the Pirates of the Caribbean  movies, so when the grandson wanted to rent them I thought what fun a movie marathon these would make.  
Reminds me of how we try so hard to hold on to old solutions that don't really work anymore and avoid change.
Owen Wilson puts his best sly, but whiner-like demeanor for racing star McQueen that's his best.
And the brits, they're the best at storytelling in a Doctor Who kind of way, and they really hit this one on the head.
I wanted it for my collection so I could watch it many times myself as an adult.
My Neighbors the Yamadas is not that well known among the SG canon but it should be (and you can usually tell what is popular by the number of reviews something has.
We bought this doll at Disney and the day after noticed Merida's nose was a tiny bit green.
I love this movie, it's fun and engaging.
I am a huge fan of Crichtons novels,  and really enjoyed this short simple tale of the Norse people facing battle against a somewhat unknown enemy.
Hosted by Patrick Stewart renowned for his performances in (Star Trek: The Next Generation, A Christmas Carol and the TV movie mini series Moby Dick.)  
Many wanted to capture Lewis Carroll's story but Walt Disney felt it was too literal and it was not what he wanted.
What about the blu-ray?  
My daughter loves it!
Now...I'll have to get one for my 4 year old son.
It was sold out here at the stores.
It's a cute story.
We had purchased the matching "Buzz Lightyear"$29.... and he is now broken too with his arm loose and wires all hanging out!
This movie is quite different in some parts than the original Pinocchio tale - but that was typical of Disney, what with putting in musical numbers and talking animals.
So, it's safe to say, it'll get a lot of plays in it's lifetime.  
I bought this awhile ago (summer time) for Christmas, my daughter opens it today and the dress is torn!!!The doll is in good condition and I can easily sew the dress but not really something I should have to do right out of the box.
As I said, it has its good points, but as a Disney live-action classic, for me it's near the bottom of the list.
I expected a fun, lively comedy-sci-fi film.
my kids love the shnot out of em.
The reason I gave it 3 stars is I bought the 3D version and was very disappointed.  
This was purchased for my granddaughter for Christmas this  year.
My son loves these guys.  
But these second chances would be pointless if Pinocchio didn't learn a lesson.
I look at todays shows and know that todays children are deprived.
I did appreciate it as great Disney classic but preferred to watch "The Little Mermaid" and "Beauty and the Beast" for the millionth time instead.
I love the zippered tote that it all comes in!  
It is so well written!
Finally, Daddy-King finds out what she's up to and blows up, so the little spoiled brat runs away to the Octo-Witch and trades her soul, or something, for legs, and gets her wish.  
and yes I have owned a couple of those editions
Good stars and character actors fun to watch in continuingseries.
I never get tired of watching this movie, I think I use my grandkids as an excuse to watch it :)
Its as close to perfection as we can get.  
This movie has the best restoration of any other Disney Movie yet.
This is a vast improvement over the Disney character doll boots of yore.
This is my interpretation.  
She sits up decently well...so they can have "tea" etc... with each other.
Some of the best music of any Disney movie ever.  
They love the movie.
The special features include sneak peeks of other Disney DVD favourites like Disney Princess Christmas, Pooh's Heffalump Halloween Movie and Cinderella Special Edition.
It's an okay movie.
So Peter Pan is finally released in the Diamond Edition is it worth is YES.
He chases the bear up onto a mountain and kills it.
CBS isn't the conglomerate that it and its rival networks are today.
Also, a slipcase cover is included for this release.
I saw the movie and made up my mind then an there I had to have it to watch many times whenever I wanted.
I didn't search just Bambi, or Bambi movie - I searched Bambi DVD, so why was it listing VHS?
The features are cute but are a little too undefined for a disney doll, I thought.
The lessions it has are timeless as well.
My biggest problem with the movie is Tarzan's so-called gorilla father, Kerchak.
This release is the best I have heard of any video release of "Alice in Wonderland" thus far.  
To put it in perspective for those like myself searching for entertainment that doesn't teach your children foul language the word "Hell" is used 4 times by Elliot Gould which is a pity because that is the only thing that flawed the movie.  
Reflections on Alice* Operation Wonderland (Now in Hi-Def)*
Such a touching fairytale, please give it a try.
It is Christmas present and since she is into Jake and the pirates it is a great buy.
***This review may contain spoilers.***Disney's "Beauty and the Beast" (hereafter B&B;) is an uncontested masterpiece (and anyone who dares contest its greatness is, in my opinion, a brainless, heartless fool).
The other reviews are correct that it is more like a pancake than a waffle but my kids and their friends love it!
Otherwise, I liked the set.
Wendy is not exactly a feminist, after all, and the Indians are not in any sense Native Americans.
Who doesn't love Annette?  
Plus, I never have to worry about scratched disks, a big plus when you have kids.
There is naked merchandising throughout the film and the pop references (Car Talk guys) aren't so limiting that they would date the film.  
The quality it pretty good.
I just wish my daughter would play with it more.
Don't waste your hopes.
To clear their name, the Rangers must discover the real peanut pinchers.  
Decent quality for plastic toys and my daughter loves to take these with her for a travel toy.
After reading the glowing reviews of this highly underrated Disney Classic, I finally picked up a copy today.
This was a big hit with my granddaughter.  
Colors and bold and no grain can be found whatsoever.
Also, if daddy tells you to do something, you'd better damn well do it because there's no magical fairy tale ending to your F*!# ups in real life.
Russell Crowe does a great job as well as Pacino and way too many others to mention.  
Wonderful plot line, charming music and a good cast to play the characters to boot.
With all that said, surprisingly one of his favorite toys to play with (even though the tipping over thing really infuriates him some days)
In Disney's Peter Pan, the little girls all seem to have matured into young ladies eager to be the one who captures Peter's heart.
I bought this thinking there would be more Mickey Mouse and was disappointed when there wasn't.  
A favorite of my daughter's family, this movie holds the attention of two grandkids,their parents and the granparents.
Apart from a couple logic breaks here & there, this was an excellent episode.  A41.  
It is also unnescessarily scary.  
Disney really did an excellent job with this film.
I am the best sister in the world so she says.
Treasures Untold: The Making of The Little Mermaid* Storm Warning: The Little Mermaid Special Effects Unit* Audio Commentary*
i saw this movie when i was a child at the movies i cried and cheered, all of my grandchildren have seen it they cried at the sad moments and cheered at the happy times.
My favorite part of the movie happens after this, the song and story about the eating of the sea food.
These are incredibly cheap and thin.
I just took out my collector's DVD to check to find out this problem after two years later....
Highly recommend this product.
While I had high expectations for this 3D experience they may have been to high.
so funny, so enchanting.
Another deleted scene is one from the book.
In some instances, that line recalls the original Collodi tale in which the puppet is a bad boy.
Young people won't care for this, but Boomers will smile.  
Even Gaston had that arrogant way about him.  
May use it in the pool though.
it teaches a message that sometimes winning isn't everything and trying your hardest is most important in life.
Rushmore is just what every comedy, independent or otherwise, should be.
So I threw it away.
That's all.
He loves it and plays with it often.
What is it with smoking cartoon characters?!I hope Disney is listening and does a decent job restoring this(unedited), Saludos Amigos(unedited), The Three Caballeros(unedited), Make Mine Music(unedited) ,Fun and Fancy Free, and The Adventures of Ichabod and Mr. Toad.
You will need a multi region DVD player though to play this Region 2 DVD.
I had hunted for the DVD for several months.  
This is my favorite movie as I love to climb and hike in the mountains.  
O;) enjoy
I recommend it 100%, the color and size are as I expected.
Second, is that they have a message that tugs on the heartstrings of young and old.  
It may say waffle iron, but the resulting food does not have the nooks, crannies or crispness of waffles.
She is a little note small side so for $18, I believe that this is overpriced.
It came promptly and was perfect.
He's fluffy.
and I LOVE Dory!
This film brings together a really important story that is worth telling, some first rate actors and great direction.  
Not even a consideration in the movie!  
I just found it more enjoyable.
It would also be overwhelming for small children to watch a Alice cry the enormous tears she cried.  
Although I really didn't care much for the second of this series of films, I really enjoyed this one.  
This is not to say that he doesn't deserve the credit for spearheading innovative material.  
I will use this occasionally so she can play but on a day to day basis I have to go back to the "baby" tub for now.
What isn't to love about these silly Monsters!My grandson received these yesterday.
I love this.
The Making of featurette and MTV Movie Awards Shorts are the must see features.
Nearly ever situation in the movie will make you contemplate what is "right" or "wrong".
Like the other Disney slapstick comedies about Medfield College, "The Strongest Man in the World," offers some hilarious scenes set in a goofy and enjoyable story line.  
For everyone in the family.
One thing that isn't revealed is Herb felt he was coerced by producer Dan Enright (David Paymer) to sign an agreement that he'd only receive a portion of his total winnings.
The theme of the story is something not unique to Japan either.
It was well made and a good buy for the price.  
Every time we get out these toys for the tub or pool the question is asked where is Daisy?
It is one of your Humans are bad and destroy everything Anime but with a little twist.  
My eyes are usually bugged out in amazement release after release.
But if you're only a casual fan of animation, I may recommend holding back.
i bought this because my 1 year old needed something before just being in the regular tub.
I am suprised that none of them have broke yet.
The bonus material includes a lot of featurettes on the plot, music, etc. and some games for children.
I am not a mouse-worshiping Disney-aholic, but this was a great movie when it first came out (with the scandalous original poster that wasn't nearly as big a deal as everyone goes on about), and it still is.
This was a wonderful movie.
The new Blu-ray is stunning, as the film itself is, and features a new interactive feature that allows you to access additional material on your laptop while the film plays (along with other new materials).
and it is good to see him use his imagination with creating story lines.
The Blu-ray's biggest disappointment is the lack of much in the way of extras.
Some critics made comparisons, which are not untrue, but this is a very different film in style and pretension.
"Finding Nemo" stands as a great arguement for using them, if they are well cast.
The movie was in the plastic wrap, but when we went to put the movie in, there was many scratches on it, but we were able to eliminate the scratches and played the movie.
The scene itself is a great one, but I'm also glad it didn't make the film.
Overall, this is an excellent presentation of what IMHO is Disney's finest work.
Michael makes what is essentially the villain in the movie a very enjoyable and charismatic cut up.
It brings back so many memories.  
And since having both copies was only about four dollars more to me it was a no-brainer.
As an adaptation of the Douglas Adam's novel it's more of a 3 - not a great adaptation but still very charming and very British.
I bought this product brand new, yet the picture was coming apart from the wooden puzzle.
This is a collectors item for me.
These objects may be part of Armageddon if they fall into the wrong hands.
Older folks like me will thoroughly enjoy re-living a time when black-and-white pictures, rabbit ears, and viewing television through appliance store windows were the norm.  
At the same time, a human husband, wife, and baby child are washed ashore from a capsized boat and build themselves a home in a tree for security.
You don't do bonus features this way.  
In my opinion, no.
While Alan Menken's best songs are probably those in "Mermaid", the score here is arguably his best.
Should be supervised play for smallest ones due to small parts and the possible need of assistance.
Alan Rickman as the robot was perfect!
He even ruthlessly cut one of his own songs when it wasn't working and replaced it with "Something More".  
I don't usually cry when I see this scene, but it touches me having lost my father at a point in my life.
She always is trying to use our vacuum but now she just vacuums next to me!
I get tired of hearing the same pre-programmed songs over and over again, but without those, I don't think that the kids would like it as much.  
The pins themselves each had its own plastic sheath, and while they were not the elaborate $12.00 pins one gets at Disney, they were colorful and attractive.  
and it's sitting in her room.
I didn't realize and had to order another.
I enjoy the sequence with the sharks.
I actually love the game too because it is a very unique game unlike anything I have played before.
Definitely not worth the $30 I paid!
If you have a child that loves Buzz Lightyear as much as my son does, this is a must.
I was very happy to see that the pillow case is for a standard pillow because my daughter sleeps with a standard.  
I couldn't wait to get my hands on it.  
We saw this at the theater when we took our grandson's.
I haven't seen this film in forever and while watching it with my 2 yr.
The characters range in manner from cute to obnoxious (a smart-aleck fast talking twit named Terk, voiced by Rosie O'Donnell).  
We do this puzzle at least 3-4/week!
She loves this movie and is adding it to her collection
Rented and watched it last night.
The characters and themes are as deep as I've seen in a Disney animated feature even without being cerebral science fiction that muses on existential questions in the dialogue.  
I like this product.
This doll is adored at our house...as are other Disney Toddler Dolls.
A STORY ABOUT A PARENTS LOVE FOR THEIR CHILD/CHILDREN.
but it was good for a costume.
She has the small little character with her other Disney characters and he has a wonderful time with Mickey, Minnie and the crowd.
This is a good Disney movie we all love it and no the remake cannot compare to it so get this you will like it
He says all the lines my daughters love from the movie and is the real thing.
The wand was my daughters favorite thing to sleep with for a Long time because it lights up.
Not even worth the my Disney rewards you offer.  
For a 3D conversion this is very weak!
No piling/pilling after washing and drying.
Seriously, one of my favorite Disney stories ever.
i bought this for my grand daughter  needless to say she loves it  till the next princess catches her eye  you cant go wrong of its disney  so my comments will be that the dvd arrived ahead of shipping dates  excelent condition  as discribed by the seller
There is also a clear redemption story parallelling the good-vs.-evil story, which is rare in Disney films (only Ratatouille, the Lion King, and Cars have such an integration of a redemption story, and of those only Lion King can compete with Beauty and the Beast for sheer emotional effectiveness).  
My chief complaint is how the straps (very thin 1/4" elastic) are attached to the jet pack.  
Of course it all works, but exactly how it all comes about is marvelous.
Professor Z (which is short for "Zundapp"...
this was a good movie.
I most liked the interactions with the Inuit as you can see the difference between the Elder, who follows tradional beliefs and the younger, who was sent to boarding school.
I am so glad I finally purchased the complete Alias series.  
I bought this doll for my daughter's 2nd birhtday this month.
When I saw that Amazon had the disk set I ordered it right away.  
My 5 year old daughter loves this and my 4 year old daughter often begs to play with it!
However it is excellent with good color rendition and a very solid sound stage.  
Its Disney!!!
We enjoyed watching it and will keep it among those we watch every so often.
However, you should still enjoy yourself.  
I bought this as a gift for a family with small children.
My two year old did like the gift
But the singing was fine.
She is so precocious I love Julie Andrews in it too.  
Super fun movie.
This product is just what we were hoping for and will match my daughter's Nemo doll.
If the set had sold out they might have release the rest, but with such an underwhelming response, I doubt they will ever finish either series on DVD.
A thoughtful movie about choices and unforeseen results of those choices.
Although the "Propwash" refers to something entirely different, he likes to bring all the characters in to be "washed" before they head off to work.  
I love the original BBCradio adaptations.
I enjoyed it just as much as the first "George of the Jungle" and actually felt my headache go away after a bad afternoon of argueing about computer problems with some friends.
That is, a fairy tale scenario doesn't necessarily seem to be the right milieu for that kind of story, but a more naturalistic story.
My granddaughter loves Rapunzel and wanted all the characters from the movie.
this one does not!
Very, very highly recommended.
Someone is stalking him, leaving poison-laced wine in his house, cutting security wires, and signing in under Emily's name at their favorite hotel.
Park, Armstrong Woods State Park, Point Lobos, Crater Lake Nat'l.
I loathe poor reviews from people that are desperately clinging to another incarnation of a piece of work and/or just cannot reconcile another person's interpretation of the material with their own.
Based on a true story, "Calendar Girls" centers on the friendship of vivacious Chris (Helen Mirren) and the more reserved Annie (Julie Walters), both women in their fifties and both members of the Women's Institute.
Comparing to our Disney store dolls this hair is like a bad perm.2.
Didn't really protect my toddler from bumping her head.
Plus i love this movie.
I have bought all the Disney's movie collection and she spends hours watching them.
I love the music and the story, reminds me that fairy tales can come true
We started to bathe him in our tub and at first he was ok..but within a few days, he HATED it.
This blu-ray looks and sounds awesome!  
came in good shape and he is enjoying it immensely.
Pinocchio is considered by many to be the crown-jewel of Walt's years and I can certainly see why.
Bought this for my 2.5 year old.  
However, since Cars 2 is coming out, I thought I should finally watch this.
Probably would have gotten 4 or 5 stars if I could actually see the whole thing, rather than 3/8ths of it.
It is a cute movie as the friends go an a long explore to find their friend Christopher Robin.
I remember the praise lavished on it when it came out and remember how it started the oscar talk for animated movies.
That's what the film felt like to me: a misplaced amount of undeserving sympathy.
As a Disney enthusiast, I appreciate when these things are well taken care of, which this was.
As far as the picture quality goes, I was very impressed.  
A perfect gift movie to keep for all time.
Thanks to the beautiful Blue Fairy (Evelyn Venable), his wish is granted- on the condition his new "son" learns to be "brave, truthful and unselfish."
I got this recently for my young son.
A never-before-heard song entitled "Fishing Song," the song "Transformation" with its original lyrics, the sing-along song "On My Way," and Phil Collins' music video for "Look Through My Eyes" round out the special features.
I got hooked when I was young at the movies.
My son loves these but you can buy them cheaper at the Disney store.
Great movie for the young and the old!  
They don't squirt anymore, but my son likes to fill them up and dump the water out like a cup so it's a win, win for everybody!
Others reviewers will tell you the story line, but I am just here to say that seeing this movie in Blu ray, along with the great Surround Sound Music makes the movie more enjoyable.  
I give this product 4 and a half stars, for showing me the opposite of what these Amazon reviews said.
The Unbirthday Song Sing - Along*
Highly recommended, and as a prior poster mentioned...a much better deal than the ones that are being sold from vendors other than Disney (this one was purchased through Disney on Amazon)!!!  
but it was under $10 when I got it
For the most part I'd say Alias is just a bit more family-friendly, for lack of a better term, and certainly a whole lot more intelligent and developed than the ABC promos ever suggested, Phase One starts off as a very adult-oriented and shallow episode though before catching fire and becoming one of the great episodes of the series.
came on time, and was definitely well worth the price, got it when it was at its lowest price at $25
I sent it back (easy return, no problems with a refund) and bought directly from Disney.
It involves everyday situations, but presented in a cute, charming manner.
My children saw this movie when it first came out and they loved it, but we never bought the movie.  
Bambi is easily one of the greatest animated films of all time.  
When Prickly, Finster and Miss Grotke gets stuck in the snow during the winter, they recalled how the kids changed their lives for the better.
Bought it for my kids, but who cares?  Love the story, thevoices of the characters and the beautiful colors.  
Jim Henson and his friends turned simple puppeteering into magic and nowhere does it show up better than in the 5 years of the Muppet Show.  
We also meet a boy named Lampwick who assures Pinocchio that it would be more fun to be bad then good.  
After years of being locked in the "Vault," "The Little Mermaid" swims forth and receives the high-definition treatment it's earned for a Diamond Edition release.
Are the Native American's in "Brother Bear" one with nature?
Brother Bear, for those of you who have not watched it, is hilarious, especially the moose.
Melody Time is one hour and fifteen minutes and was released in theaters on May 27, 1948.
great condition and arrived in a timely manner
The guest artists on the episodes also bring back a lot of fond memories since most are now retired from show business or no longer with us.
The doll looks great and my daughter loved it.
He really liked it and it was in perfect condition.
There's a whole lot to be learning about the behind feet of a mule.
Has some genuinely funny moments, but rather long and boring.
You will love it
I can't even say at what point they lost interest.  
Mixes scientific expedition with adventure.
There are even a few really good lines.
old I never noticed all the anger.
It's hard enough that she needs a bit of help, but age-appropriate enough that she can mostly complete it and feel a sense of accomplishment.
Much Ado About Scrooge:  Scrooge and the boys track down a lost play of the famed playwright William Drakespeare.  
Alice and the Doorknob - Kathryn Beaumont, the voice of Alice, provides an introduction to this newly discovered reference footage of Alice talking to the doorknob.
Bambi is a timeless classic that I wholeheartely recommend to everyone.
I'm thoroughly enjoying it.
It fits perfect and is good quality.  
Wikipedia's explaination is better than I can write- so a tip of the hat to them as I cut and paste what they wrote:  Lord Beckett gains power over Davy Jones, and with the help of Jones' ship, The Flying Dutchman, he is now executing his plans to extinguish piracy forever.
If you liked this movie, then watch the sequel, as you can see this and the sequel as one story due to what happens in the second story since it feels more like a continuation to this one rather than just a sequel.
Kenai reveals the truth to Koda, who runs away grief-stricken.
Well worth it.
they make this movie amazing.
This dvd came in very good condition.
I gave this to my 2 year old great-granddaughter for Christmas since she is a big Mickey Mouse fan.
Around my house dress up is an all day every day thing.
And now to return to the original question I postulated.
Bigger than what I was expecting.
A treasure to my Disney Collection
I love this movie  and good one DVD and love it and is my favorite since little thanks for bring it to dvd
Check them out in the real world at the beginning of the film.
The basic story  is about the coming of age of a clown fish named Nemo.  
Half Nikita, a quarter Wonder Woman and a quarter Fringe, Alias is a great series.  
AGAIN, they are combining reviews from EVERY released version of the film in one pot.
very cute, great deal, came very quickly, lil girl will love it!
As my wife's all time favorite Disney movie I've been counting down to the Blu-Ray release of this film, and this does not disappoint.
In fact, the temperature gauge came off of ours and had to be thrown out.
When Murray is in these types of comedies, it shows his vast range of comedic talent:
I have to say this is a awesome puzzle set.
This is actually a nicely made product.  
When her father, King Triton, hears about this, he goes into a hissy fit and destroys Ariel collection of human artifacts.
Eventually my son caught on and would take the towel, look and then cry.  
I never understood the negative response this film originally received other than that it wasn't what Disney fans had expected.  
My son is 23 months old and is obsessed with this movie, we have actually rented this a few times because he points at the tv and says raaaawwwrrrr, we will be ordering the DVD for his birthday.
Now I am buying them again for my Grandchildren.  
This picture quality is indeed superb and makes this blu-ray very much worthwhile.
but who's to say?
Every celebrity voice is pitch perfect and puts you in the view of the character more than the actor.
I WILL NOT BUY AGAIN.
I would recommend this for a family Night.
One night, one warrior makes fun of Arab's mother,and lo and behold Arab throws an insult right back at him.
Learning from our past is a great reminder of the power of humanity and love for a better life.
His plot and henchman make him similar to my favorite Disney Villain, Ratigan from "The Great Mouse Detective" which I've seen a lot of similarites to.
The bear brothers are to dang adorable.
He becomes an unwilling participant in a quest, and handles it superbly.
I don't think this would be suitable for little ones with any vision issues; they might find it frustrating, as they likely would not be able to see the image.  
She has lots of babies to give them a check up loved it.
It is also good to see something that lets ordinary teens see that goofing up doesn't have to mean failure.  
not so much for die hard Tarzan fans who just once would like to see the character portrayed in the manner of the books which made him so popular in the first place.
Deleted Scenes and Songs - Featuring two deleted scenes: The Journey Home and Alternate Arrival and two deleted songs: "Never Smile at a Crocodile" and "The Boatswain Song"Disney
She despises the beast at first, but then grows to know his true character as she stays at the castle.
While being very enjoyable it's also quite chaotic and hard to follow.
I would also like to add, for what it is worth, part of the reason I grabbed this seat when I was out - I have seen the exact same seat at my son's sitter's house - but with a sesame street theme.
It really didn't look any different to me or my wife and we love 3D movies.
This a cut copy and Disney for some absurd reason will not Restore the original version.
The following day, Pooh assumes something has happened to Christopher Robin and worries, so he, Tigger, Piglet, Rabbit and Eeyore journey to an unknown world outside the 100-Acre Wood to rescue Christopher Robin.
Everything about this order was great!!!
It's sometimes nice to see a book 'visualized' onto the big screen, and it doesn't hurt to watch this film once, but I definitely recommend the book!
I wanted it for a special little girl.  
I bought this for my 2 year old great nephew.  
These sheets are well worth the price.
Even if you dont have kids you should buy these movies.
no matter how different the child.
I have no regrets though - I love this movie, and wanted to upgrade some of my favorite disney movies, the only animated film being Alice in Wonderland.**There wasn't a huge difference moving to blu-ray, if I'd known that, as this is my first blu-ray purchase for animated films, I would've just kept my standard DVD.
In the end, Jiminey Cricket is an official conscience.
I used to dance and sing along the theme song.
Dude.....it's cool.  
My son used to watch this as a baby
The mayor, the local newsman (emh, in fact a newsdog), the coach, the class bully and her sidekick - a great gallery of hilarious personages.
Thank you & have a good day!
I use to watch this movie on tv a few 100 times before buying it.
This was a little expensive.
This is my niece's favorite movie character -
What little kid wouldn't like Olaf from Frozen right now?
Whichever movie you like that had Menken's score done to it, Beauty and the Beast not only had a great score, but also some of the most memorable, and delivering songs still adored by audiences today.
If you like great family-friendly comedy, you'll love Home Improvement season 2!
All my grandchildren have watched this a half dozen times..  
I don't see how they can be worth more than $1 each, honestly.
All you hear are the voice of the actors playing Walt and the Animators, but you see stills of them working or concept drawings related to the film as it plays on the screen itself.  
Love the Disney Classics.  
The doors open up at the corner, so SMALL shower.  
The bottom is very comfortable and very supportive.
The prince really learns no lesson at all, in the beginning he shuns the old hag (she is ugly) and is cursed to live as a beast and must love someone (presumably for who they are on the inside) but Belle is constantly referred to as the most beautiful girl in the village.
I love watching this.
Story line is boring, whoever did the voice of Alice has the most soothing voice to ever hear.
The Little Match Girl (2006 Short)*
Thanks Again Amazon...
But older kids would probably do just fine.
He's very high quality and a  terrific price.
The whimsy of Pooh Bear & his friends is delightful to watch.
I've been looking for this for some time.
I ordered this for my great neice to watch since she enjoyed it so much at the theaters.  
Great show for any little one... Bought this for my kiddo and he fell in love with it.
They deleted and/or quickly glossed over the most brutal aspects that were in the book regarding the Viking funeral - for that I am grateful.  
While no doubt some level of detail is lost due to the grain removal (it's impossible to remove something that's an intricate part of the image without decreasing its fidelity), there is still an incredible amount of detail reproduced here; the background paintings in particular are rich with detail and very pleasing to the eyes.
Very cute - cars with personality.
It makes sense for spring to be a cherished part of life in the Hundred Acre Wood, with its rolling landscapes, shady trees and colorful flowers.
Even though she is probably a little young for a set like this (to build it certainly, but she's fine playing with it once her builder - me - completes it), she is used to playing with her 8 year old sister's Lego Friends sets and won't mess with Duplo.
Some of the criticism I read about the story felt the movie blamed van Doren's relationship with his father for why van Doren cheated.
I wouldn't pay more than the $15 she is worth, her dress is a bit tight, but she is good for the price, some day I will get the disney designer villain dolls, but for now, this one is good.
What's more, a wide variety of famous actors and celebrities have appeared in an Alice film.
Also the restored mono soundtrack is included.
Tarzan is one hour and twenty-eight minutes and was released in theaters on June 18th, 1999.
I've never been a fan of the music but It serves its purpose.
My daughter received this for Christmas, with the other Disney "Tangled" Character Dolls.
If you have a little girl that was a fan of "Tangled" then you should definitely pick up this doll.
especially like them rockin the boat.
I didn't hear anything about this movie when it came out
It has such incredible magic over it.
I got a great deal for this two pack.
This past winter my family and I went to Disney World and I had a cute red shirt with white polka dots and had too much fun adding this hat to make the outfit.
As more and more films came out the law of averages prevailed, some were good, some were pretty bad, and only a few were truly great.
That aside the film looks great and nether change really effects the film.
The picture is very good and consistent.
And that takes a lot of courage.
this movie is the best classic ever!
Still a beautiful HD movie.
He is soft and cuddly and does not pose any noticeable safety concerns.  
The flaw with this set is that all of the bottoms broke off of the figurines when taking them out of the package.
The dealbreaker is the cheap cover which is not user friendly and won't stay shut.  
Right out of the box this piece of garbage fell apart.
Still... it had great humor and a lesson for the young and old alike.
Alice Daydreams in the Park - (2:01) Deleted storyboard sequence set to music.-
One thing that really irked me in this movie was that the song and its supposed connection with the coin were never explained.
This shouldn't come as a surprise to anyone who follows the success of Pixar, who very rarely has a miss among its hits.
Probably because Amazon Instant didn't offer it.  
We like having the Blu-ray / DVD combo to be able to use the Blu-ray at home and take the DVD with us on trips.  
He deliberately disobeyed his father and swam out into the open ocean to touch the boat!
My sons love these.
so you can participate too.
PIXAR IS HER 1ST CHOICE OF MOVIES
The Package should have been  a book packaging.
I bought this toy as a gift, and I was quite embarrassed about package,being it was extremely scuffed up and dirty upon arrival.  
Because of this, he actually learns that the the "little" people of the world can actually be pretty cool, and that just because he is a celebrity, he is not the center of the universe.
I loved the Disney tales, his mother loved them, and I hope my grandson will enjoy all of them.
Five years later, the novel would receive its English translation and became an instant hit and a classic.
The artwork is highly regarded by artists and although not realistic, you get a feel of a painted style, a brilliant artistic use of paint in animation brought to Disney's attention.
but she enjoys these just as much and uses them a lot more.
My two year old daughter loves this movie and asks to watch it all the time.
I like disney movies and this is a classic.
So here's a little item that features all three.  
the little mermaid is a great Disney movie, every kid will love this, as well as the adults, buy it.
That Peter Pan Story - (12:04) A classic black and white documentary or newsreel of "Peter Pan".JUDGMENT CALL:The story of "Peter Pan" is classic.  
The Blu-ray presentation is outstanding and the film looks great considering it's almost 70 years old.
I bought this for my daughter for Easter!
Again, this doesn't matter to the 3 year old, so it's hard to complain.
But, Liza Minelli doing "Mein Herr" from Cabaret... with Muppets, is quite a treat, Just as seeing Joel Grey doing a number from the same show.
The box detail is very cool and her face too but her dress and necklace not movie accurate I hate her legs because of the type if articulation she does not stand week because of her feet and I wish they have made the rubber one not plastic on her hair is very soft but may get into tangles easly over all this doll is great because she almost looks like Pocahontas
I chose this movie because of the great foundational lessons children's movies generally exude, as I thoroughly enjoy and appreciate how relevant they are to the perspective each of us idealizes and lets slip in the grind of the settled for ordinary.  
As for how far Big Tobacco would go to intimidate a man, the F.B.I. has suggested that Wigand orchestrated the threatening e-mail message and the bullet in the mailbox.
The Criterion version has notably betterpicture quality, and some terrific extras (the regular release ispretty bare bones).
The younger princesses will enjoy this game but they can also just play with the jewelry, though it is not recommended for children who might try to swallow the pieces.
It perfectly complements the darkness of film.
You will not be disappointed, unless you have unreasonably high expectations.
The Beast takes the brunt of this & looks terrible in every shot.
Another Gem!!!!!!!!!!!
It's a movie that everyone should see.
This will be a long standing favorite in my house!
My son is crazy about the Disney Planes movie.
But ultimately it's the movie's very real heart that makes it a keeper; the cliche "You'll laugh, you'll cry" is all too true in this case.
The character development of Chow Yun-Fat and Calypso is bad.  
The Golden Fleecing:  After hearing about Launchpad's encounter with several Harpies, Scrooge heads to the Black Sea to seek out the legendary Golden Fleece.  
You CAN find the Ludwig Von Drake version of Mickey and the Beanstalk on the Disney Animation Collection, vol.
Could keep them awake at night if you know what I mean?
Cute little dance bag.
The mattel version's hair is nowhere near long enough and the "braids" look terrible.
It has an emblem on the side stating it is a "Disney" product.  
At the start of Dead Man's Chest, Will and Elizabeth were about to get married when a squadron of East India Company frigates arrived and landed a battalion of troops, who put the bride and groom, and later her father, the governor of the island, under arrest.
I still love it.
The detail, composition and color palette stand out in BD.
Anyway super cute and fun.
My main problem is that it is much less realistic than the TV show, with a simplistic villain, and a plot I'd expect from a "Spy Kids" movie.
Home Improvement, a family comedy based on the stand-up of Tim Allen.
We got to check out the new Peter Pan Diamond Edition Blu-ray Combo Pack and it was a very big hit.  
WE HAD MANY DECORATIONS BUT AS WE HUNG THESE MINNIE SWIRLS IN OUR TREES, MAGIC OCCURED!
Nice simple story and very entertaining.  
He's soft enough to sleep with or use as a pillow...
Luckily though, that's not the focus of the film.
The product details for the Blu-ray version given by Amazon indicate an aspect ratio of 1.85:1 for this 1951 film of Walt Disney's "Alice in Wonderland."  Is this correct?  
(The black & white program has been reconstructed for DVD to include movie clips in full color.)  
All the actors seem tailor-made for their parts.  
I found myself strangely troubled by CARS.
I have been on a waiting list at my library for 8 months and I finally just ordered it and do you know I got my copy and the next day my hold was available.
This is the Disney version of the movie I'm reviewing; the one with Katherine Beaumont playing the voice of the curious, energetic, dinner-bell-shaped, delightfully-pedantic character of Alice.  
Very level, deep when it need to be & the music sounds clear & full.
To be perfectly honest, I think the personality of Alice is as much of a draw for me as the land she explores.  
Radiator Springs spruces up, but it definitively says something that not one of the natives bothered to get off their rusty tailpipes to do anything to fix the town until after they force Lightning to do the dirty work.
We get it, you're uber-confident.#3.  
My daughter is not a Disney Princess Fanatic, but she simply loves this game.  
As with many Pixar films, the "shorts" are entertaining.
I don't want them to dislike Rabbit's character or think that's how one behaves when upset.
We used these as decorations for my daughter's birthday party and they looked really cute and colorful.
This is not a review of the Blu-ray version of this picture;  I have what is called the Masterpiece Edition which was beautifully processed and done in the films's original aspect ratio or close to it.  
~ Inauthentic Music -I don't know about Little Mermaid and Snow White, but the Cinderella, A Dream is a Wish YourHeart Makes song, is a remix.  
The Beast arrives in time to save Belle but is grievously wounded in the attempt.  
I am certainly saving this DVD for my children.  
My three year old son LOVES this movie from start to finish.
Can you really go wrong with Billy Crystal and John Goodman?  
Gorgeous and very strong feel to it.
Pixar brings automobiles to life in this movie.
The villains may be a bit corny and over-the-top, but it's never overdone...again, the whole film remains consistent with the nature of the show as far as I can tell.  
Of course had to buy a copy for granny's house too
no complaintsoverall:GET IT.
There's a new introduction to the film by Diane Disney-Miller.
If you seen one kick, why not have a hundred.
IF YOU HAVE THE MOVIES, YOU HAVE TO GET THE TOYS.
The other doll's hands are super flexible andso are the legs but without a chance of breaking.
`Honey, I Blew Up the Kid' takes place some years after the original.  
Pirates went after easier prey, while the East India company concentrated on making pots of money from the India trade without going near the Caribbean.
They hung out with each other a lot in bubble boys room.
It's the perfect gift for all ages, love it!!
Steve Ramm"Anything Phonographic"
Blu Ray is over rated and will soon be replaced by a more expedient version.
THE BEST BATH EVER ->http://www.amazon.com/The-First-Years-Infant-Toddler/dp/B000067EH7/ref=sr_1_2?ie=UTF8&qid;=1363967362&sr;=8-2&keywords;=baby+bath
My teenage granddaughter was mesmerized once again like she was as a little kid when the movie originally came out on video tape.
Fans of the classic animated film rejoice.
Very nice packaging an bonus materials.
I have always loved cartoons.
I don't see how anyone can dislike it.
And, of course, power tools!The family setting is a bonus.
The lossless soundtrack is dialogue driven and dialogue is crystal clear.
(SMILES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)
My children have three from Disney and they have been put through the ringer!
I am buying all the vaulted movies for Christmas.  
My daughter is a big fan of the Doc McStuffins show so for her 2nd birthday I got her this kit along with a set of 4 of Doc's stuffed animal friends.
Dory, Dory, Dory,  a character voiced by Ellen DeGeneres is one of the funniest (real or animated) characters ever.  
There's no longer the wonderful "Will they get together?"
When Belle finds out her father is in trouble, she sets off to find him.
Behind the Music of Brother Bear II-
Dick Van Dyke does an awesome job in this movie, as always
And, of course, the price for the item was very reasonable.
Pixar has been knocking out fantastic films one after another and Finding Nemo being their best up to that point.
Of course, the action in the ocean scene is a must see for sure!I've already mentioned the sins of Lampwick, but other things parents may want to be aware of in this classic are:  Saloon dancing puppets with obvious cleavage and one scene where Jimminy Cricket touches the backside of a statue and makes a big deal out of it.
Bought it for my 3 year old.
I grew up with this show since they aired the pilot on TV back in March 1989 when i was 7 and loved it, Chip and Dale were always fave toon characters growing up as a kid as i watched their cartoons all the time on the Disney Channel and i had a crush on Gadget for she was one cute mouse girl.
Maybe that's the point, as I've not read the book this is based upon, but it doesn't fit well in my mind of a Disney classic, especially one that formed a major pillar upon which the entire Disney franchise was based upon.
Compared to say the Lion King were 3D really was not impressive at all (I would literally give the 3D of Lion King 1/5), Pixar did a much better job than probably could be done on Lion King since it wasn't CGI.  
It came in a neat package and was in excellent condition.  
Deleted Song: "Human Again"The Characters1.
The audio is in original 5.1, however, remastered to remove "noise" from the tracks.
I received this item well before time and in perfect condition.  
Absolutely gorgeous doll -
Personally, I would have liked to have seen Ms. Johnson's character take-on the principal, Mr. Grandey, and win.  
This movie is both funny and endearing without being over the top.  
John Fujioka and Yuki Shimoda round out the main cast as the pair of eventually friendly Japanese soldiers.
An excellent edition for an Exellent film.
TV Spot #2e.
The group's plans are changed, however, when they end up straying off course and are forced to land on an uncharted island inhabited only by a pair of forgotten Japanese soldiers lost for 35 years and under the impression that WWII is still going on.
Great video for all ages.
I have been looking for this movie for a long time.  
My daughters love this movie!
Buzz says many famous lines from the movie and all in his own familiar voice.
They would still have needed those defences if piracy had been completely eradicated.
I've watched this movie with my kids and with others, and I never get bored with it.
His wings are difficult to click back into place (my 2 year old son can't do it and my 3 year old niece can't either)- His wings don't stay in place.  
Great price and beautiful.
I love this version of the classic.  
Oldie but Goodie!
Geppetto, a talented toymaker, makes Pinocchio and wishes upon a star that his puppet become a real boy.
After about 10 minutes of trying to pull her out of the box (a pet peeve but not taking any stars away for it)
It is one of the prime sources for historical information of the Norse culture, specifically the Rus..the Vikings who went down through what is now Russia as far as Constantinople, and who ended up founding Kingdoms including Russia, to which they gave their name.  
Why there needs to be more said, I cannot imagine.
Streaming quality is excellent; the movie was enjoyable.  
My daughter loves the Doc McStuffins T.V. show and
It arrived well within the alloted time, and was well packaged.  
Worse, even when this series premiered it noted that the old fashioned music hall and the acts that performed there were dying out.  
I bought the original Belle and Rapunzel.
My grand kids will sit there for the entire movie, simply mesmerized!
It has not happened, and I fear that it never will.
Another average eisode, which is to say good but not great.  B18.
Finally this was Disney's 14th animated feature.
Is this movie cheesy?
Now for the accessories, it comes with cute figures made of plastic and perfectly sized.
It's that good.
I HAVE THE 1980S MICKEY PHONE - HE IS YET TO SEE.. TAKES THESE TO CHURCH WITH HIM.
For the quality of the movie and the extras, I have to detract a star from that.
does a good job keeping toys stored and covered neatly.
Great cast of voices
She ended up vacuuming during the party.
Good family friendly movie.  
I thought it was much bigger than they are.....
It is sized pretty much like a Barbie doll, more less 12 inches in height or bit more, very solidly build to last doll.
Likewise Peter has no problem nuzzling with Tiger Lily right in front of Wendy or laughing off when the mermaids attempt to drown her.
Cute and well done.  Follows up to first movie, 3 men and a baby well.  
Ignore this as it just is not true!
Her face is beautifully detailed as well.
I can already tell the propellers won't last long but the little planes themselves are pretty well made.
He plays an Arab poet who was banished to the outer reaches.  
Story line: Boy disobeys Dad and gets in trouble.
What a great film.
It's TaleSpin!
I haven't had any problems with batter leaking out the sides like I have occasionally with other irons when it spreads unevenly.
Then you use the big red heart gem to decode the picture on the back of the card to confirm if your answer is correct, and see how many gems you get.
this 3d is defective and stops a few times.
I love the Little Mermaid.
You will be entertained.
Very nice companion to our plush Rapunzel.
Not 20 minutes into the film our heroine makes a very hard act of self sacrifice to save her father (as opposed to fathers helping their daughters in other films, if they are there at all) and not long after that gets in trouble for her curiosity rather than her beauty (which is usually what gets princesses into trouble).Her relationship with the Beast doesn't exactly "click" from the get go.
Can MARY POPPINS  be next on bluray?
I love Billy Crystal movies, So good they made a 2nd one.
Of all the gifts my three grandsons received, they all loved this one best!
A great movie for the whole family.
The transfer to Blu Ray looks gorgeous with deep blacks and mind blowing color.
To put this doll's hands is a nightmare due to those joints in arm andhands  becausethey go all around and kid get frustrated.
Make this video a central part of a great teen, college or family weekend get-together.
I was slightly hesitant, since it had all the appearance of those cheap plushes you see in carnivals that are better to look at than actually have any kind of durability.
The fact that this film reduces me to a gigantic ball of weepy goo is not really important, but it must be said that the emotional resonance within `Beauty and the Beast' is another reason why this particular film is such an important and substantially memorable addition to the Disney canon.  
I really enjoyed this Second Season of ALIAS!
It is a well made, quality set and the figurines seem pretty sturdy.
Bigger They Are the Louder
She's getting where she knows sounds and words at specific parts of the movie, and loves to try and imitate them.
Their sinister head Lord Cutler Beckett (Hollander) appears for no obvious reason to be trying to hang practically the entire population of the Caribbean including children.
He calls her ugly and won't even use her real name most of the time.
He has a laser-
the characteristically wholesome story is as follows: a rough, blustery fellow named Mike Fink has been using his (physical) weight to push people around on a Mississippi riverfront port.
The best movie in those days and made my mind think unlike the todays cartoons and movies.
She comes with a cape, bow & arrow.  
A rubber spider dangles from above the windshield.  
Another film that invites comparison is the more recent Brave, since both showcase humans that become bears, but again, the focus is very different here, aside from mutual understanding.
But I love crispy waffles so I wasn't very satisfied with this product.
The quality seems very good and I know she will have many hours of fun with her doll.
And I do love it just like the rest of my kids.
They have holes in the bottom and they squeek... water and moisture will get into them if you put them IN water and they will mold inside *sigh*...
Reawakening:  Demona and Xanatos mix Science and Sorcery together to resurrect Goliath's long-dead rookery brother Coldstone.  
Many were considered, including Sleeping Beauty, The Little Mermaid, and Beauty and the Beast.
While it isn't the most realistic or unique sitcom out there, it's special because it is quality, good 'old "family fun," that you can just pop in to brighten up your spirits.
I compare this series to the other massive cash register series, The Transformers, but whereas The Transformers feels like a soulless money gobbling beast I really do feel like The Pirates of the Caribbean is attempting to do something beyond rake in mountains of cash (well, at least for the first three).
You'll just have to SEE it to believe it.
Seeing the world through the eyes of his prey, Kenai is forced to learn a lesson about nature and life.
The Rushmore Criterion Collection Blu-ray will be released in stores and in most online retail outlets on Tuesday, November 22nd.
and she loves the movie.
what a movie not a word to tell about this movie.
Coral gallantly flees to defend her unborn offspring as her mate pleads with her.
Even before we washed it, her hair was a rat's nest.
Conclusion: Pixar's path to supremacy is lined with some of the finer examples of the genre.
Kids won't be scared of Jasmine turning into a snake, a bandit pointing a knife at Aladdin and almost dying from poisnous barbs or Ariel feeling depressed and running away from home.
Good buy for the money on all 3 of them.
Over time Belle and the beast develop a love for one another and when Gaston comes to kill the beast the story is brought to a head.
They are an ancient horror feared by all.  
Crocodile Dundee 26.
My son is obsessed with Mater's Tall Tales, and these are awesome.
The animation and story is top notch.
Tony Shalhoub (better known as Monk from the TV series) is absolutely unbelievable as tire shop owner Luigi.
My son plays with it every day.
Along the way he meets a wide variety of people.  
I would recommend this item.
"Alice in Wonderland" looks great in this Blu-ray 60th Anniversary Special Edition.  
now it will just collect dust on a self for me
He is wondering if the television quiz shows are legitimate, or fudging their own supposed "rules".
This is worth getting.
Cute and the music is absolutely addicting!  
Work In Progress2.
If you love Disney movies like I love Disney movies this is a must buy (for the kids).
In terms of the release, I'm glad Disney is now offering the combo packs, often at a comparable price to purchasing just the DVD or just the Bluray.
The 3D in Disney's Tangled is vastly superior, because it was created as 3D from the beginning.
I think I liked it more in the beginning.  
so i got them so they could see it love it
Dvd in grat condition and price is good.
We really need it.
Don't waste your money, especially these marked up prices!UpdateI contacted the company and they offered to ship me a new one right away.  
This movie is funny and family related allat the same time.
The second episode is short and features Belle in a SEMI-ANIMATED read-along story book format that stresses the importance of giving to others and how good it can make you feel in return.
But Pinocchio's actor success is not rewarded.
I'm not sure we will keep this it really out there.
we were looking at this toy in the stores around christmas - $50!!
My boys just love Nemo and Dori.
Then the blanket started getting small holes in it.
In this film the Lead Character watches as his wife is brutally murdered by a serial killer that leaves his new born son physically disabled.
My daughter still loves her 'doggy' the best, but she still hugs up Maximus when the mood hits.
Adorable toy box, not very sturdy - but nice for grandma to keep the littles ones, books, toys, etc.
Action is definitely her genre and this is an action based show.  
A seemingly, weird, 'outragous idea' for a calender - to raise money for a hospital is born, with an outcome, beyond anyones expectation - really very sweet!When it first came out, several years ago, in the theater I loved itIn more recent time I ordered it so I can watch it again at home and share it with friends - in fact, I have bought a couple DVDs more to give as giftsand each one was much appreciated.
I liked the fact that the story of the movie is based on what happened in Denmark during Worlk War II.
Dean Jones & the beautiful Suzanne Pleshette are a married couple.
Peter Pan is the best and most enjoyable Disney Anamated feature films.  
Looks native shot and it's like a new movie in the process.
For starters, both the cricket (according to Collodi, the animal was not given a proper name) and Pinocchio are immediately at harsh odds with each other.  
After watching this my son did what many young boys have done, got himself a coonskin cap and a fake rifle and went around exploring the world.
Another great and funnt Disney Classic that I could watch over and over, I really really loved this Disney classic!!
Why is this one the opposite, after it's been out for years?
I just wish licensed Disney stuff wasn't so expensive!
Just a good family movie, old school Disney style!
John Goodman is perfectly cast as the warm and lovable Sully (that voice is so serene and calming) and Billy Crystal IS Mike Wazowski!  
I was on vacation a couple of months ago at Walt Disney World and they were sold out of this item at all parks.  
I need to know one way or the other.
the only thing i noticed was that he seemed a little dirty.
Problem is that whenever I watch MONSTERS, INC. I become a kid again and that rush takes over when I laugh too loudly.
I have always liked Walt Disney and I probably will until my death.  
The Knights are devoted to destroying all things magical.
I will say that Ellen's voice did grate on  my nerves
Good job Amazon!
While this film is by no means deep, it has a good plot, enjoyable characters both old and new, and a well-structured outline of its story.  
A MUST watch.
Sally Carerra has Lightning convicted not because of the minor property damage he has caused but because she dislikes the glitz and glam he admires (something she turned her back on when she came to Radiator Springs).
The story begins in the early 1900s London, when Wendy, John and Michael Darling's father is exasperated because the boys are being affected by Wendy's stories about Peter Pan, who has become their hero.
By the end, I felt as though I'd been clubbed by eco-terrorists.  
This is another great cartoon from the Disney Afternoon.
I am glad I bought this.
There was a time when it wasn't completely acknowledged and an industry would do anything to keep it that way.
Last Train to Cashville: Investigating a little boy's missing train set, the Rangers track it to yet another of Fat Cat's robbery schemes.  
The Blue-Ray edition was reasonably priced and we were happy with all the special features included.
all the Anderson films I have seen where the good out way the bad I would say that 1999's Rushmore makes the list.
Purchased for my four year old son.
Things going bad at work, it hits you 'Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming.'  
All I have to say is, Disney, keep trying.
I know it has been a favorite for many families.
This would retain the impact of the image widening to 2:33-1 24 minutes into the film.
plus just plain funny classic
It's Disney people, they will get more in!  
This movie has entertained my granddaughter every time she watches it!
Sphinx For the Memories:  An ancient Egyptian Civilization abducts Donald so that he can host a spirit of a Pharaoh.  
If you love Disney movies, you've gotta own this set.
They were $1 each.
The movie wasn't bad but the best scene for me was about 1/4 of the way in the pale white Idaho missionary asks the Tonga missionary "What if I don't believe?" and the Tonga guy says "then you came a long way for a lie".
It almost smells like soap or something.
i just bought this one for my niece for her birthday.  
The castle had been enchanted because the master of the castle, now an enormous, angry beast, was unkind and treated a disguised enchantress badly.  
After 15 minutes I fell asleep on the sofa....on a pirate movie...with Depp!  Saw it again later.  
Clue cards show relevant details pertaining to a particular princess while the pretend cards reveal the identity of the princess using the "Big Heart Jewel" decoder, then that player has to provide clues as to which princess she's pretending to be.  
You won't be disappointed.
My nephew wanted one right away and his grandparents got it for him!  
From the very beginning has a kind a violence that is difficult to think to show to a little kid.  
This was a Christmas purchase for my niece.
All other Alice productions listed by Amazon will have a specific review of the relevant production with same title used throughout.
Instead of really delving into the consequences of that revelation, however, the producers choose to "keep things simple" and not get too deep.  
And a friend's daughter love this movie so this was the one I had to get.
With it one, she stands at just over 3 inches.)  
I will still love it when i am old and grey.
It's Bullseye!  
This one will not leave my possession.  
Meanwhile, Hudson befriends a blind writer named Jeffrey Robbins who teaches the value of reading to the illiterate old warrior.  
Now, not so much.
Their little tooshies fall into the toilet and they have to hold onto the seat.  
Or to put it another way, the passion put into PIXAR animation transforms into inspiration for all children and adults in the real world to learn and care about real things.3D Blu-ray Video Quality - The 1080p encoded 3D experience is just awesome, and the film's vast ocean wonderland is a playground of convincing depth and dimensionality.
What a change from her usual performances.  
The box is just that, a box.
But after watching this, my thought is it was like redoing several classic Monty Python TV skits with different, unfunny actors and a higher budget.
Just like Season One, the episodes on this set will keep a person laughing.  
I highly recommend this seller and this movie.
He struggles to get up onto it and off of it when through.
Best thing I spent my money on in a long time!She LOVES it!!It is small enough for her and big enough for her 4 year old sister to enjoy also!!Highly recommend!!
I was as I expected it to be.  
For instance, we have the son who's upset that his mom's posing nude for a calendar.  
I haven't seen it for a while so it surprised me how much I really liked watching this movie again.  
Their teas are so dope.
Once inflated it does not lose air and I love the water temperature gage.
Drinking beer and smoking cigars (and whatever else).  
This might have been ok but there are NO LYRICS and the sound quality is awful (almost analog in nature)!!!  
Watching it on blu-ray is truly a visual treat, with the underwater landscapes and their various colors making this effort perhaps the best-looking Pixar flick ever.
This is the first Disney blu-ray I've watched and its impressive and the picture quality is amazing.
I know they made a lot of sequels to this film but nothing ranks as goodas the first Movie "The Little Mermaid" beautiful songs (I just love the song Kiss the Girls),and
We watch Mickey Mouse Clubhouse every morning.  
The movie does a great job at telling what it truly means to be honest, honorable, loyal and fair.
A sweet movie for kids, even toddlers will like the squishy "monsters" that are featured.
The story has really good messages and as with every Pixar film, the animation and the level of detail is simply breathtaking.
My daughter loved putting her jewels and this is a great activity for fine motor practice!  
I remember watching years ago nearly every episode on came on t.v.
The actual story for children is very rich in symbolism and meaning and pathos.  
Great movie for toddlers, it really changes the way they look at their closet monsters by adding humor and all of the concerns monsters have to deal with.
His veracity for time makes him lovable yet obnoxious.  
As with the BD of "Pinocchio", you feel you're seeing details that were never previously visible -- as well as the work and commitment that went into creating the art.
But what's wrong with eating them?
My son loves Toy Story and all he wanted for Christmas was Woody and Buzz, so I ordered this product for him.
Love how they keep saying "savvy?"
Each background is a masterpiece that stands on its own, displaying the impressionistic talent of the artists that created them.
Not just for kids.  
so i had read review's of this prodected being very bad.
But Dali used lobsters in his paintings instead of crabs.
My parents enjoyed this when it came out, and I enjoyed it many years later.
Woody is happy, and so am I!
I like the suction hook at the back to the bottom of the tub..
maybe but still a great Disney Channel Movie nonetheless!
The shirts velcro in the back so she needs assistance getting those on, but a lot of the time she is fine just wearing one of the skirts.  
The material looks nice in the picture but it's really not that nice.  
So get on the ball if you want this now for your little one.
I like the duck world and any fan of good animated cartoons will love this economically feasible collection.  
End Credits: Here you can see the animation end credits in full frame without the credits.
Johnny Depp is amazing, as always, and so is the supporting cast.
This is another excellent Dale episode (he's my favorite character).  
Luckily, I was able to find and purchase another jet pack at a nearby store in my city which held up fine on Halloween.
And the legitimacy of television as the new entertainment medium was becoming the choice for many Americans.
I can't remember number 3... it was a arts and crafts type thing.
The only negative I would say is that this version is not a complete one...
Bought this for my daughters, as it was one of my favorites as a kid, and they love it as much as I did :)
Bought digital copy.
"At World's End," the second half of the sequel: completely insane and occasionally entertaining - Three stars.
This is largely due to the different manufacturers.
They never get tired of pretending to be a big girl like mommy.
Chinese pirates just don't do it for me because there was no reason they had to be Chinese over any other nationality.
I gave this movie two stars, though, because I thought the calendar was very tastefully done.  
Colorful, wonderfully dimensional, and crisp animations will, for the durance of this movie, trick you into believing--or wanting to believe--it's all real.
For a film that I still will not allow my children to watch, this is going to be a gushing review.  
My girls are 12 and 2 and they never seem to get tired of watching it over and over again.
This Madeline story, because of its theme, is close to my heart.
Is this convoluted mess what Gore Verbinsky really wanted to achieve?  
Yes, there are some features from the original DVD release that are now missing...
Love the theme song too.  
He is huge!
Never a dull moment!  Starts out with action!  
I would recommend this movie.
So I'm glad we're able to store movies on our Amazon Library.
Duck Tales Volume 2 includes a Pilot and 19 Episodes in the 3-Disc Set, the Whole Gang of Ducks and their Friends with some of the most memorable Shows as our Friends Crisscrosses the Glove in search of Adventure, many funny Episodes and very Entertaining especially for children, I too enjoyed!
This is a nice set of figurines.
He love the Toy Story characters and of course Woody is his fave.
Thus, Pooh and friends set out on their titular Grand Adventure, to rescue their friend from certain doom.
One, I love British humor and two, I love the idea of 50-something women posing nude for a calendar.  
My daughter is 2 1/2 and they're really big on her
This is not the type of message I would want to send out.
it is a delight.
check ups (along with all her other toys and the members of her human family).
My 4 and 6 year old girls both enjoyed it.  
I guess cartoons aren't just for kids anymore!
got this for my 2 yr old.  
Boo gives Sully a run for his money in the presence department.
One day, angry at his father's fears for him, he decides he's going to go out to the "butt" (boat) anchored nearby and touch it.
So all in all this is a totally awesome Limited SteelBook Edition Blu-ray 3D, which is now in pride of place with my other fantastic brilliant extensive PIXAR Blu-ray Collection.
The 3D was very nice and dimensional and in my opinion added to the movie.  
Director Wes Anderson is a national treasure.  
Moreover, water flows, currents surge and waves lap throughout the proceedings, and there isn't a moment underwater when the sea isn't incorporated or represented to unmistakably immersive ends.
She LOVES this princess puzzle, and all of the colors make it easy for her to piece together.
I definitely recommend this company.
She shows them how to be good students and that she cares for them.
Sulley steps through doors into various children's bedrooms, scares them, and the power of their fear provides energy that they can use.
The language is mild by today's non-standards.  
I had a copy years ago but let someone borrow it.  
Why my cargo ships?
The pilot was low on gasoline and I did not know if I would come out of this alive.  
However, I was extremely disappointed to discover that they are not recorded in order.
Love this movie.....
It just aint worth the hassles and now it seems it is becoming hard to return to a scene, turn off the disc for five minutes and you need to go back to square one.
This should have won the Oscar for best animated feature film but it didn't, losing to Shrek.  
The delightful Blu-ray + DVD Diamond Edition is loaded with extras, such as an introduction by Diane Disney Miller, never-before-seen deleted scenes, deleted song, interactive games, and more.
It was gone just as soon as I'd seen it.
Our two year old seemed to think it was funny, but I'm not sure she understood what was going on.
It also has life lessons for young and old.
This puzzle is a great size for a three yr old.
The kids just know it is Tink and are into it.  
This is a really cute calendar with a page of adorable stickers.
This is a really cute Disney DVD that children love to watch and sing a long with.
She sleeps with her every night!
She ties him up stripped down to his boxers and smacks him with a whip a few times before revealing the setup.
and I couldn't watch this.
This is my sons favorite Pixar movie.
This movie COULD have had the impact of Dead Poets Society if only there was the viewer's satisfaction of seeing Mr. Grandey get fired or demoted.  
I did not like this movie.
That's what I did with HIBUTK.Three-and-a-half stars.
That's how I get by.".
I will be sure that future DVD orders are sold directly by Amazon.
but..,.three times his little bottom slipped and almost got underwater, with both me and my husband being there.
I really don't know why I have to write anything  when I don't want too....
I loved this film..
so it looks good.
Then they figure out that the voodoo lady is a goddess in human form (when this was decided, beats me with a stick, because there was no real foreshadowing besides her weird story, but who really takes those to heart--
You'll be glad you did.
The Cheshire Cat is really weird but endearing.
It shows how The Wayans really keep excelling in this genre.
clean family movie for halloween
Normally this wouldn't be a big deal, but the bonus material is broken up in 5 segments with 15 or so sub-segments.
Too often it stretches too thin, striving to please everyone and instead falling universally short.
Love love love it!
WHat a fantastic movie!!!
Not being familiar with the book or the previous movie, this one is still pretty fun to watch.  
She is a BIG Disney fan!
It is a very nice doll, and a fun addition to the dances.
Seriously, the whole family can enjoy it.  
It was well deserving!  
I love this movie and it has a French, Spanish, and English language track.
Just thought this was boring, and my kids actually asked me to turn it off because of that!
Some scenes can be a bit scary for very small children.
I also bought this as a gift too.  
Story 3(On DVD and Blu-Ray Nov. 2)Fantasia and Fantasia 2000: 2-movie Collection Special Edition (On DVD and Blu-Ray Nov. 30)A
this is a trippy movie.
It's non-anamorphic, every shot is really pixelated, and the colors are dull and drab.
The Disney Mickey Mouse and Friends bath toys are not just for the bath,my daughter takes them in the tub and they are her favorite toys out of the tub.
And I'm referring to the show, not the comic.
Dude...I'm a guy.
Thus comes the idea of creating a "discrete" nude calendar, with appropriate parts discretely covered by props.
This toy is a piece of garbage.
but I had seen this before.
Picture quality was great!  
My daughter played with them only a couple of times and they are already falling apart.
The movie is fun for children and humorous for adults as well.
You will really like this film.
PS: As for why Wall-E and Cars 2 are worse?
These flaws may look minor to casual viewers but it's irritating to fans of the film.
These are tiny though.
The shows are just as funny as they were in the 70's and 80's and its entertaining to see the styles on the guest stars!
I looked at a lot of Tinkerbell plush out there, and this was my favorite.
Within 30 days?
Just loved this movie.
HIGHLY recommended for fans of old TV, Disney fans, Fess Parker fans or anyone who like semi-historical TV!!
Sure, people who didn't care about film complained about this & were happy to watch the movie with parts of it chopped off.
I noticed some differences, though I don't recall it vividly since I've not seen it since its original theatre release.
I don't watch or use this so I can't comment on this personally.
This was perfect!
She had to take this to "fix her Grandma's hair".
Now when I bathe her I'm not worried she will fall and bump her head.
We could watch this movie one million times and still very much enjoy it.
The doll with tiget is Deluxe edition and it shows, it is like having a car that is in special luxorious edition an comes with all fatures and many thigns are of higher quality materials.
I rememeber when I was little I absolutely loved this movie, I loved skuttle the most he was a very cute bird, I still do like most of the music in this movie the movie itself though...
In my Cars 2 review I said that it looked superior to this film but seeing them side by side I'd have to take that back.
Both Dean Jones and Suzanne Pleshette make an attractive couple and the movie was pretty short, coming in at 95 mins, but I felt as though I was getting impatient with it,  Still, I liked it and while I can't say my dachshund liked it, he stoically sat with me through the end.
But Belle is happy with her father, the inventor.  
Walt Disney leads narrator James Melton through the studio, showing how animation cels are photographed, how sequences are storyboarded, and how animators reference live-action performances.  
Innocent fun, great character actors and cute plot.
Yet, I cannot love this movie unreservedly.
They asked, how"?His reply, "I listened, I listened!".
While I am a big fan of the movie and try to get my family members to watch this instead of chucky, the price for this re-release in 3d is horribly over priced.
But watch out for overpricing...
The third story is is similar to the second as it is another short SEMI-ANIMATED read-along story book feature with Cinderella trying to find a birthday gift for the king and discovers that a "gift from the heart" is often more precious than anything that money can buy.
The cape of hers is made out of some really nice material.
and she gets her voice back
I really hope they don't change the wholesome characters into skinny unrealistic images.
Our little ones, 5 and 3 years old, love these movies.
How great is that.
so it's a well used and loved toy in our house!
They are super cute too.
An astonishing, real-life event.  
He has autism.
This is a great classic Disney movie that should be on every DVD shelf.
Cute fun puzzle.
had so much fun with jessie and woody i had to force myself to wrap them for my grandson!
I'm so glad Disney is releasing all of the classics on blu ray with bonus features.
This toy has provided my child with hours of fun in our home.
I purchased this item way before Christmas...even bigger mistake!  
Classic toy to have on a younger age
He awakens at 7:30 a.m. and watching this is the first thing he asks Good storyline, good animation, a lot of fun for him to watch.
I had high hopes for this multi-million budget film version of the HHGTTG.
A+Disc 3:19.The Luck Stops Here: A pitiful inventor with a troublemaking cat blames his failures on pure bad luck, but Gadget is determined to show this kindred spirit the light.  
But with the Mutates blaming Goliath for their condition, things get tense.  A-33.  
That's it.  
old disney movie about a story around the matterhorn
I agree it's annoying that Disney continues to hack their historic animated shorts to be more ... "politically" correct.
(Yes that guy who painted the melting clocks and a whole lot of other weird and freakish stuff.)  
Purchase it and gave it as a gift.
Another solid collection.
I was turned on to this movie years ago and it became my instant favorite from time on.  
Having learned a lesson about community, Lightning goes on to a surprising finish in the run-off race.
You'll like it.
It looks classic.
His favorite is Mickey.  
I bought this adorable trunk set for my child for potty training.
A family favorite!I bought this to replace some old VHS tapes.
I remembered it looking better than it actually does - while there are plenty of beautiful, colorful shots under the sea and in Eric's kingdom, there's definitely a softness to the picture.
I know my niece will enjoy this doll for a long time to come.
I will say however that I was in Walmart the other day and they had a Thinkway pullstring Woody that apparently has ticklish ribs.  
My daughter collects dolls and she really likes this one.
It's one of my son and daughters favorite all time movie.
The pee guard IS very low.
This is one of the funniest movies ever made.
However Davyy Davy Crockett King of the Wild Frontierrr
In this movie, a toy and clock maker name Geppetto, along with his two pets, a cat named Pedro and a fish named Cleo, brings this classic to life!  
My only complaints -- 1. too many small "filler" pieces that pad the piece count on the box front that you can't use to "build" with and I don't care for stickers -- just include pre "painted" pieces already (example -- the "pies" are pre-decorated parts.
I bought this to expand my collection.
I don't do "spoilers", but I will say the movie is full of action and excitement, but doesn't showcase the kind of bloody special effects that have become the norm in film.
The book was just so much better!
In her interpretation of the message of the bones, she says 13 men must leave to go north to their homeland to fight this ageless evil.
Came on time and works well.
I love Anne Hathaway and Julie Andrews, this is a sweet fantasy.  
got this for my little sisters.  
The Disney store replaced him with no troubles thankfully.
Keenan Ivory Wayans takes on the triple threat of star, writer, and director, and Clint Eastwood and Ben Affleck he is not.
I'm sure this was great in the 60's but this is not even close to PC and the stories actually suck.
I loved this movie the first time.
Can't wait to have a similar experience with The Royal Tenenbaums!
She falls downs a rabbit hole and arrives at a wonderland.
She does not speak the bear language, but advises him to return to the mountain to find Sitka and be turned back to normal, but only when he corrects what he had done; she quickly disappears without an explanation.
Thank you so much & have a good day!!
subject is important but the movie is stretched out to make a full-length movie.
I grew up with ALL sorts of Disney flicks, including The Little Mermaid, Aladdin, etc.  
There is no choice in where our bodies go after a certain point and you get caught up in their coming out of their shells and bringing their friendship closer.
But one that helps understand what happened to Alice is the part before she followed the White Rabbit down the rabbit hole.
Love watching these with my kids.
Treasure is one of the many she received this past Christmas, and is her absolute favorite (probably because Ariel is her favorite Princess.  
Well worth the money
, she loves the baby's in Tarzan II  great for young one
This does not follow the book to the letter, but it is still a fun and enjoyable movie that I watched quite a few times when I was little.
good movie, michelle pfeiffer does a great job.  
It was also a strong message for young women;  that a wedding/ marriage is not a requirement to be a leader.
A romantic melody plays out the hope of living happily ever after.
Still it's a fun movie for children under 8 to watch.
I love Nemo and this was a great purchase.  
She teams up with another mermaid (who can't speak but wants to sing) on a quest to find the wishing starfish to grant their wishes (think Wizard of Oz).
Now Mickey and the Beanstalk is rather good.
To write the story of Alice in Wonderland Lewis Carroll had in some way become conscious of the meta-physical world.
I ALSO ORDERED A 2INCH ONE TOO, AMAZON, TARGET AND TOYS R US  CARRY THE OZ WHICH IS ACCOMPANIED WITH A TINY VERSION OF THIS CHINA DOLL.
Nice "extras" too.
The figurines:Sofia The First is my favorite figurine of this set.
Finding Nemo is a classic Pixar film.
Spoiler ahead - we find out that Bubble Boy's immune system has been okay since he was four (when he was brought home from the hospital) and Mom didn't tell him because she wanted to keep him at home.
I love most of the episodes focused on Dale, & this was no exception.  
This return policy is very upsetting considering that this was a Christmas gift.
The only downside that you have to deal with is the rather Disney-ish tendency to portray children as the wise ones and adults as the louts.  
I saw a very few parts that had an odd, very slight haziness to portions of the background that I've never seen before with other Blu-rays.
Too bad I missed this when it first came out.
She is two.
But it's nice that the cast has been revealed more recently and can be researched elsewhere, though not so much in the DVD, except for some comments on a bonus feature.
It just didn't quite work.
The set was perfect, only missing the digital copy, but that was expected with previously viewed.  
So, let's turn on the lights it's the Muppet Show tonight.
Jane is my hero of sorts, because she decides to leave her snobbish society life to live with a humble man in the jungle!
The pacing is fast and never drags.
I have all of the Halloween Town movies- all fun for the family.  
It came with some figurines and is so cute.
Aside from Gargoyles' "Awakening", this is my favorite of the Disney pilots.  
The inflection in their voices, cadence and emotion provide the story with an added layer of awesomeness.
this is a movie,dressed up like transvestites or women & it's a good movie,3 fraternity boys dress up as sororities
I've noticed they're doing this with the older Disney movies.
The world beyond normal perception.
The "Disney View" option puts painted "wall paper" on either side.
Also, if you bend this legs the wrong way they tend to stay that way for a little bit, misshaping him.  
The biggest complaints I've read about the movie is the use of broad stereotypes of Native Americans but in this case I always considered them more of an archetype of the childhood concept of an Indian rather than a real Native American tribe since they appear to live exclusively in Neverland.
The story is fraught with danger and excitement thanks to a rousing start.  
Delivery time was very good.
The treasures range from colorful starfish and clamshells to trinkets such as the dinglehopper, a musicbox, a statue of Prince Eric, Ursula's charmed necklace, and other items of interest.  
but it's there.
This came right on time.
And it is very, very soft.  
I enjoyed My Neighbor the Yamadas and really like having it in my Studio Ghibli collection, although I suspect the film may not be up to the high expectations of some people looking for flashy fantasy adventure or dramatic adventure-type Studio Ghibli film.
This movie is one of my Disney favorites, and I'm so glad I own it myself now!
To use the bathroom, you have to take off the whole top of the costume, and then hold onto it so it doesn't touch a dirty bathroom floor (I definitely had to help my son with this in a public bathroom).
I really wanted to like Alias and be able to watch ALL the seasons.
They hold up well even when they're loved on often!
I decided to buy this for the holidays as mom & the nephews loved the movie & wanted to share it together when they came to visit.
the first film began as a three-parter that caught "Uncle Walt" off-guard with the storm by which it took America, the latter on two "prequel" stories created to take advantage of the fad before it dried up.)
I guess for any adults that want to walk around with mouse ears this would be a good deal, I just did't expect that a hat like this wouldn't be made for children.
It has prompted me to remember my childhood love of Disney and Mickey, too.
I grew up with Eloise - received books as a child.
This s adorable looks awesome.... until it gets washed.  
The set washes really well though and comes out without any winkles, which is a definite plus.  
In the end, Kenai lives with the rest of the bears and gains his title as a man, through being a bear.
Very well done.
This has decent enough music and isn't too twee and the voiceover work is also very good.
The characters and Disney's brilliant colorful rendering makes it a true classic for all.
But the transfer is a huge step up from the awful DVD that was released a few years back.
No matter how many times or when we watch it, we still are touched by the message.
At some point in everyone's life, everyone feels left out and this story really shows the true strength of Tarzan!
I got this to help my Nieces from accidently destroying thier grandmother's copy and they are already starting to wear the DVD disc out.
As we grow older, we still wish to capture those moments.
Right DuckScroogerelloDouble-o-DuckLuck O' The DucksDuckworth's RevoltMagica's Magic Mirror/ Take Me Out of the Ballgame
He's cool under pressure but calculating to the bone.
Even has ANDY written on the bottom of the boot.
but don't let her good looks fool ya!  
The story is unique and the monsters are so loveable!  
It is however on the small side.
Filled with memorable songs, characters and beautiful animation.
And in return, her sister realizes affectionately that Alice is still young, but will grow-up in time.
Also goes great with the prince doll.
Took me back to being a kid again.
I wasn't comfortable with putting my daughter in our large tub.
But the hunters had neglected their campsite, and their cooking fire spread to the entire forest.
The race scenes in general are worth putting up with the rest.
Say I'm behind the times but this movie was the first one I watched on Blu-ray.
The movie is based on a true story, and it is an interesting introduction into how injustices change, and how difficult changes are and how much pioneers are forced to go through.
It's an enhancement which respects the original masterpiece and gives a whole new life to both previous fans and first time viewers with picture and sound quality unlike few blu-rays I have seen before.
The juxtaposition of the two couples was very poignant and more successful than in a similar movie, the second of the Mummy movies by SommerThe Mummy Returns (Widescreen Collector's Edition)with Brandon Frasier and Rachel Weisz playing the "good couple", where a similar pair of couples highlights the difference between mere passion and true devotion.
The coloring is different too.
The voice for Sebastian is different but sounds close enough.  
They worked out great and she loves to play with them!
and I gave it a 3 star educational value BECAUSE you can hook you Ipod up to it and they can learn their ABC songs and things like that.
from 18 months old, to 3 years, this is my grandson's favorite flick.
I never return things, but I returned this trunk.  
Grand Kids love this movie.
All amazing episodes on 3 discs and a must own for fans of retro animation and disney.
after Davy wins and earns Mike's admiration in the process, they join forces to foil a gang of smugglers whose gimmick of masquerading as Indians could threaten the tentative peace in the area.you're no doubt wondering what the hell i'm thinking.
But when you play it on a TV with 1080p resolution, you will be amazed.  
The head is also movable.
I'll let this drop for the time being.
AND IT WAS SUCH A GREAT HIT.
This movie I believe is good for all ages.
It has come apart in two different places.
He's also very durable since my toddler has thrown him and dropped him down the stairs a few times and he's still going strong.
The fact that you can care for such odd looking creatures is amazing.  
Chloe left Jimmy a gift that said I Love You.
This was great for our two year old granddaughter!
The story is well written, and makes you have an adventure not only with your emotions but beautiful scenery and adorable characters.  
Who wouldn't love Nemo?  
My daughter is almost 8 months
Like most of all of DISNEY productions, TARZAN got amazing scenes with beautiful graphics and songs....
THEN, STILL DO.
While looking for cake decorations we decided to get these figures instead.  
You really appreciate the DETAIL, COLORS, and MAGIC the Disney animators were able to create, decades before digital technology was even available.
hi my name is tori james
My daughter cried and was so excited because it went with her princesses and doll house.
Five Stars!=========================UPDATE (06/02/2013):So we've had these Doc McStuffins figurines for a couple of months now and my kids have put them through the wringer.
Well on a positive note, its cute and the Minnie graphics are great, BUT......I Just got this for one of my 2 year old twins.
For "The Making of Bambi", there are five special features and of course, the other additional special features, if added, you get a lot included in the "Bambi: Diamond Edition".  
It probably won't show off your system like a super hero movie, but it does sound really, really, really good.
will watch it over and over.
The film is well (not to say fast) paced, the supporting players all excellent.  
Underlying everything else, I feel that message is clear, though I admit to hoping my granddaughter tires of this one soon so we can see something else amongst all the videos from my youth I have shared with her.
Keenen Ivory Wayans' or Jada Pinkett's?"
I'm very torn on this one because I want to give it 4.5 stars.
The animation is beyond top-notch.
This was a little smaller than I originally wanted
This movie is hilarious and fun for ages 1 to 91.  
I have seen this film time and time again, and it does not get old.
What stumped me was Dad's complicity in this plot, so I had to give this movie a 3 for the ending.
The Beast learns that love will only come to you when you treat others as you'd have them treat you.
The cover looked to be home printed so I doubt this is an original.  
He watches it along with my 6, 3 and 2 year olds!
captain hook and the whole gang.
The ziptie broke for some reason and the hand came off.  
The crew once again does a great job focusing more on characters and relationships and not overpowering the series with gadgets as most spy shows would do.
This is a classic.
Really great trilogy in the end.  
THIS IS THE MOVIE WHICH STARTED DISNEY ANIMATION BACK TO THE TOP AGAIN.
Although my son might appreciate this Buzz's karate chop action capability, Buzz's voice is a huge disappointment.  
The box that holds these has 4 compartments to keep each puzzle separate.
I use this with a clear liner on the back of it for he kids bathroom.  
She is going to be so excited.
Fun to watch and plenty of action.
I bought this for my 2 year old daughter to watch on a 5 hour car trip to Grandma's.  
My mother-in-law wanted this flick and The Husband and I thought it would be a great Christmas gift.  
The puzzle isn't the star in this product..
I enjoyed the original telecast so this DVD allowed me to re-visit my first time entertainment.  
But this where good parenting comes in, to help children understand how times have changed and explain to them about it.  
Then he goes on to say this about Leslie Nielsen and the Revolutionary War:  "Nielsen, who has been known for the past 25 years as purely a comedy actor, rarely cracks a smile in the three selected episodes, a fact which contributes to the all-too-serious nature of the dated proceedings.
Well, it's not that bad.  
I am happy with these and hope they last.
Nemo and the gang pop out of the screen and the picture is beautiful.
The dolls outfit is not the one from the beginning of the movie, it is from when he made it to Emerald City.
All kids love Disney's movies.
She will be 2 and i beleive they are rated for 3 and up
What a cutie!  
The songs even sound better (some sound a little bit different as the bass/pitch have been improved/changed).
This movie is a fun movie to watch and to listen to the voices of the characters to pick up on who's voice it is!  
this is a nice shower curtain I knew id need a liner and both are the same size although it seems longer by itself, when I put the liner it is the same size.
The only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is because of our confusion over the ball shooter in Zurg's hand.
The reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is because it doesn't fit our toilet
The character designs for the humans are a bit Lilo & Stitch inspired, but the animal designs are all top-notch.
Overall review - don't waste your money - there are much better games out there!
This is a really funny movie and we love how it ends.  
All adults and more mature teens would find this movie very interesting.
5 star rating.
This is an excellent movie.  
All in all, it's not really Useful ad a toy.
I bought this to finish my collection of Little Mermaid.
The only downside to this set (and the reason for only 4 stars) is that there are no added features in addition to the episodes.
What confuses me about this release is the lack of special features.
I wish they still aired these on Disney Channel but I am just glad to have them!  
If you like the movies get them on Blu-ray they are much better.
I have a crush on the little mermaid!!
Definitely get your moneys worth out of these volumes, even my kids don't have the attention span to sit through and watch a complete disc.  
Sam Rockwell works for Zaphod...
Yes sir, Disney used to do such a great job back in the early days!
As for one reviewer who complained about the extras, I loved the extras!
Cons: Would like to have a digital copy included on all blu-ray/dvd combo packs.
I really do feel sorry for people who can't watch this movie and not just enjoy it and not worry about the plot the whole time.
It is a series that you just keep watching because you can!  
Wish the series was still active.
It's well made and looks like Flynn Rider.
Don't let that bother you, though - I always give my honest opinions no matter how I get it.  :)
If you have a Tinkerbell fan, they have to see where she got her start!! :)
It's just an all around great movie!!!
Back To the Klondike:  Scrooge takes the kids to the Klondike, where he met an old flame, Glittering Goldie.  
This film is without any redeeming virtues.
The blanket seems of a good weight too.
Sebastian the crab is hilarious!
It's easy to find fault with HIBUTK.  
She loved the gift.
didn't fit our bath tub well and suction kept coming off.
In the score for Pinocchio, the two men cover a range of styles from honky-tonk to romantic and from blues to Broadway.
This set won't appeal to everyone, but for those of you who remember early Disney TV and Disneyland, this one is a lot of fun.
of course i liked it.
A beautiful Embossed front with Nemo (if you can see him, it would have been nice to have a film called Finding Nemo with Nemo actually on the cover and not the German Title) but it still has Bruce as the main picture, that is still a stunning beautiful design.
Sloane is seen several times with his shirt off.
a lot smaller than i thought they would be.
About 10 minutes in, I set my receiver to Dolby Digital EX.
This is a movie that is good for kids and adults alike, though some little kids might be a bit spooked in places.
The characters are amazing in HD!
My niece became incredibly excited when she opened this for Christmas.
Simple; just add another dimension !
I bought it for my 31/2 yr old granddaughters who are absolutely in love with Ariel.
Treasure chet is cardboard, and the latch isn't very durable, but this purchase isn't for a toy chest its the toys.
4 stars as Bnadaras is always fun to watch...born entertainer.
The sheets are very soft, almost a satiny feel.  
I have to say though, that the prices I've seen here on Amazon for some of the PPs are quite exorbitant--some as high as $16.00!
It is the intentionally formulaic structure of this film and its companions that make it so enjoyable.  
To be fair, though, part of the bad has to do with the original fairy tale rather than merely this particular rendition thereof--and part of the bad, at least for me, has to do with something else external to the film which I'll get into in the review proper, and since it is external to the film, it isn't fair to blame this film, especially as I don't think that this film is responsible for the problem existing in the first place.
I enjoy it myself so happy I bought this.
what can you say about Disney movies.
This movie also was packaged well and is in good condition.
I don't feel cheated for those missing segments, however, it did make Charles Aznavour's appearance seem very short.
When I was younger I saw the movie called Halloweentown and thought it was so cute and good.  
It was nice to watch a movie that I saw a few years ago with my kids...
We can wait till Christmas to see his face
If your child wants a Lotso to complete their Toy Story collection this is the perfect one.
Ages 7 to 12 & they got all the jokes.  
It's not Hollywood fiction and close to human emotions of dealing with acculturation as well as the real attitude to persevere in ministry to 3 rd world areas.
AM INTERESTED IN LEARNING ABOUT THE HOLOCAUST.  
It is a typical Disney classic: not very realistic, but fun nonetheless.
It is sort of a trivial pursuit game for kids.  
1. Getting Started.
Those 2 make this film somewhat watchable.
That football scene is pretty great, and Williams' Wookie impression will certainly steel a chuckle or two.
And although it may not be overall as strong as the original, maybe treading into territory we have seen before, Monsters University does a good job at bringing some laughs and a decent story with a good message for the kids.
Featuring commentary by directors Gary Trousdale and Kirk Wise plus producer Don Hahn.  
The little skunk that Bambi calls "Flower" because he's only just learning the names of things, and he finds the little skunk in a flower bed.
I love this show a darker side to disney being displayed and well written scripts for 90 afternoon show and hope diner finds away to bring it to the big screen
I love it, the kids love it.
He's sporting a bright orange and red tie and looks very jolly.  
It is certainly not a total loss but it could and should have been much better.
She loves these 'high heels'!
In a word?  
Ducktales is an amazing show.
Colors are vibrant and minimal use of studios is used - so you get to soak in the outdoor splendor of the Swiss Alps.
My children are 2 and 4 and enjoy watching this movie on every road trip we take.  
The voice of Ellen was so well done.
Bought for a gift for a friend because my daughter is not good at sharing and she loves this movie.  
Some people will do anything to succeed. . .
I guess getting the Disney Logo on there adds to the cost.
UNDER HIS CHIN!!??
The storyline is also decent.
I love Nemo.  
I bought the two complete "Zorro" sets (which I love), and "Zorro" had a lot more episodes each season, so how difficult would it have been to include all of "Elfego Baca" and all of the "The Swamp Fox" in this one set?
It would have been nice if you could detach it alltogether.
It isn't just a personal favorite either.
Although I am not a collector, and I don't usually buy things for myself, I had to have this doll.
They just stand there..
she tore into the box and she now sleeps with Ariel and Prince Eric next to her pillow.
The 1080p transfer is Amazing.  
all the discs were in good shape, securely fastened.
We were missing Mulan and Mirida.
very cute to see him play with buzz and woody in his toy story pj's.
First, be aware that Amazon often groups ALL reviews of ALL releases of a video together.
Stars from W.C. Fields to Cary Grant to Peter Sellers to Richard Burton...
This is an awesome video my child plays it every morning even before the Holidays started.
This set is much cheaper on Disney's website, but after paying for shipping, it comes to about the same price as Amazon.
I was so upset.
The rabbit encourages him to do it again and this time Bambi stays on his feet, but next thing you know Bambi and the rabbit are buried in a big pile of snow.
My son plays nonstop with these in the bathtub.  
Movies are where our children pick up disrepectful language.
Christopher Plummer is also very effective as Mike Wallace.  
Disney and Pixar did an amazing job creating both characters along with the forgetful Dory.
Maui, Hawaii.
came quick, priced ok, was cute and made great christmas gift for lil girl, great quality and was very happy
I grew up watching Walt Disney movies and I have always enjoyed them.  
so the will love this Bullseye to go with him!
My only disappointment with this set is the same as other reviewers, that they didn't include all the episodes of each series.  
A series of covert missions leads Sydney into the heart of danger, manipulation, and even romance.
I previously owned this movie in VHS format when my children were young, but it obviously did not survive long enough for my grandchildren to enjoy!
When they were released I took a chance, and ordered this, because my daughter loves this book, and by extension the movie.
After Walt Disney lost his battle with lung cancer in December 1966, Walt Disney Pictures slowly went down the tubes.
This is karl metzler's son one of the best disney movies ever this is my favorite disney movie.
My grandson was the lucky recipient of this Woody "action figure" (my son calls it).  
The film focuses on two particular monsters, Sully and Mike.  
They are out now (Jan).  
Gargoyles was my first "TV obsession" it was a show that I could relate too still is after all these years.
However, it turns out there is a very old law on the books that states that a woman cannot ascend to the throne without a husband, and another royal relative seeks to exploit this and place his nephew, who is next in line, on the throne instead.
I'm thinking of buying one for myself.
Yay....everyone happy....
Another good buy from Amazon, one of my favorite places to shop.  
Doesn't Disney like to make money?
This is one of the better Disney Pixar movies out there (along with Toy Story series and Finding Nemo).
Just filling my library of movies with my Blue Ray versions, for the picture quality, and for the long term safety of the movie.  
and he was given a rose and if every petal falls off before true love then to late for ever beast.
I got the monkey on a bicycle nap mat for my 18-month-old son to take to daycare.
Being a fan of the theme parks the extra on the making of the redone submarines at Disneyland is good & interesting to watch.
I'm pretty sure the Beast had gotten on her nerves on few occasions.
Far from perfect in fact.
Toddlers just don't take great care of toys like this and consequently, Rapunzel looks like she just got off a hard night of drinking.
The disc stopped playing about a third of the way through and would not play for the rest of the movie.
He has a line late in the film that is simply marvelous: "I'd rather be smart than be an actor!"
The film brings to light an important message about love and acceptance.  
It is much enjoyed by my daughter.
It was a chance to get reacquainted with the many varied characters from the story as sort of a warm up for the Burton film.
ANOTHER TERRIFIC purchase for my twin 3yr old princess lovers!!!
They are easy for little feet to slip into and walk around in, even if they're big.
One twin improvised his acting while the other followed the director's orders.
Arrived as stated, nice packaging.
I have been a huge fan of animation since I was a kid and Disney while not my personal favorite then has climbed to the top of my list.
Hey it's a kids flick, story is basic, the dialog is hilarious for kids and adults, so snuggle up with you wee lad or lass and enjoy.
But do agree that there are NOT as many fights in it as the other ones, but other than that i think its the best one.the story is greatand the acting is good.
He is one of the larger size cars (usually retails about five bucks at Disney box store).
THE FILM STORY IS GREAT, AS THE VISUAL EFFECTS...
They were in a plastic insert that held them each in place, but then they were tied in with plastic ties, inside of the plastic insert, making them difficult to remove.
We all laughed a lot.  
So is cloth texture - some of the tweedy and hounds-tooth jackets are amazing.
also there are no extra features I'm really annoyed at the general quality of this DVDNormally I'd say avoid this disk set, but sadly this may be the only way to watch this now classic cartoon series because this DVD set is becoming slightly rare and since it no longer airs on TV you may still want to consider buying it anyway because once DVD sales slowdown you may not be able to get your hands on another copy so don't rule out buying it while supplies last, just don't expect more then a few fun eps & a bit of childhood nostalgia because if you expect more then that you'll be as disappointed as I am.
I think its award nominations and wins speak for themselves.
A funny eisode with some interesting characters.  A-13.
My son absolutely LOVES it!Perfect purchase across the board.
The problem was that now Native American's became even blander.
The connection between the truck and the trailer is "tight" so at 2 yrs old he can't put it together himself.  
This was the biggest reason I didn't start watching the show until I got hooked on TNT late night reruns just a few months before the final two episodes of the series in 2006.
Boys and girls of all ages adore this treasure.
Some reviews told me it didn't for them, but it has held up for us.
Well again this was one of those Christmas Presents.  
Eloise is such a little imp.  
If amazon puts in the border art then i'd give it 5/5 .
In this DVD, Kim and her sidekick Ron Stoppable battles against, Dr. Drakken, Shego, and other evil baddies.
This Merida doll is perfect!
The salesman comes off as both confident and yet trustworthy.
This was an old favorite movie that I haven't been able to find in stores locally.
my daughter just loves this movie she will watch all day if I let her I would recommend this movie for anyone with kids
Loved it as a kid and then my kids and now enjoying it with the Grandkids!
Another important part that was needed but missing, was the GRADUATION.  
I'm a big fan!
Thanks again Amazon Pam
awesome animation and sound effects all the character animation is excellent amazing 3d effect and sound effects and i love mike wazowski,
Digital copy works with iTinues and other media.
Now my kids get to enjoy the show as well!
In the present day, Goliath is shot and grievously injured, but Hudson won't leave him behind, even as they are both hunted by Demona.  
If you aren't into any of that then you still should give this movie a try.
this trunk is so cute (although made of cardboard which does not last) and the dresses and accessories are really nice and fairly durable.  
The Blu-Ray did not play.
Let me start by saying that my 2 year old son really likes these.  
Dialogue and music is crystal clear, I didn't notice any hissing, crackle or pop despite this animated film being 60-years-old.  
Perfect small car.
Just a great movie with great stars.  
I was surprised to find something this large for a decent price!  
Couldn't have put it better myself.  
Purchased for my toddler son who loves BUZZ!
If the game sucked, then at least she'd have some jewelry to play with.
There is not a shred of malice in Pinocchio although his ignorance takes a dark turn when he's seduced into some very destructive behavior that nearly leads to his end.
But I have to admit this is a favorite of mine.  
It looks brand-new with no dirt, no edge enhancement, no grain and no artifacts to be found in the print.
The same song erupts randomly throughout the film, perhaps to increase the drama where none existed in the first place.
but it's a great toy with all the phrases and lights will make your kid happy.
For not having pitty on her only true love can save him.
I watched it on Amazon Instant Video and was very satisfied with the connection and viewing experience.
I loved this movie when I first saw it and now that I am in the stage play for it, I was in the mood to watch it again.
Clocking in at just under 1.5 hours, this movie is part romance, part drama, part comedy, and all music.  
If the picture stinks, the whole think stinks.
The only downfall of this set is the Leonard Maltin intro, which I always bypass luckily with remote control.
I like holocaust movie.
Good story lines, good mix of characters, can be addictive especially when looking for a short entertaining video; not a movie
Such as when Ursula is being defeated and you can see her face while she is taking down the ship at the end and lots more!
Its geared towards older kids...
I think it's perfect for 3-5 year olds.
my parents got me this for valentines day.
The language is bad.
Why, indeed, if not just to give this film a much needed happy ending on cue from the running time since the beginning of the film, because there is no other explanation for her sudden burst of romance after his long bouts of yelling, eating like a pig, and nasty behavior.
They love to play dress up and this is a fun game for them.
Just buy it already.
(Then again, maybe that's not the best thing--best for the audience but perhaps not a good thing to encourage Disney or Hollywood to produce more of.)  
Well after watching it several more times with my excited toddler the little details come into play that I either missed or ignored the first time around.
Once you start, you're hooked.
We also watched the interviews with the cast of the Broadway show and that was a fun feature.
This story is about a biologist, who seems to have been more or less persuaded to travel to Alaska, to find out the truth about the relationship between the wolves and the caribou up there.
17th and 18th century opinion formers and politicians would have been every bit as livid as their 21st century counterparts would be today.
* Deleted Song - (6:58)
Another wonderful film that I have the VHS; the DVD is a great "upgrade" (especially the combo CD and BluRay).
THe only good thing is that my kids did not see it first and I can return it.  
Thefilm was excruciating to sit through, and so disappointing.
I have done a lot of research on them and I am so excited to finally have some.  
I do Recommend it
The battles are epic and interesting to watch as well as the appearance of the Wendol and the fire worm.  
I didn't really like playing with cars as a little kid, and I still see it boring.
From the mysterious opening battle on the rooftop to the exciting showdown with the Steel Clan, this is perfect.  
You can't go wrong with Disney animation.
A clever girl for whom country life is but too tame and predictable, she agrees to be the Beast's prisoner if he will let her father, a prisoner in his dungeon, released.
Loved the movie, not scratched or anything and the case did come in the standard plastic wrap.
We need to complete the 2nd half of season two and get season three on dvd.  
Absolutely adorable for any one wanting to remember the little details of their pregnancy, birth and first five years.
the image quality is amazing and the sound is superb.  
Fun for an evening when nothing is on the 500 channels one pays for!  HA!
This is a great family movie.  
The colors are bright and vibrant.
some other words in the namebut I don't remember tut this is the key words I used to find it .
I synced  two DVDs to within a few frames of each other and was able to rapidly switch back and forth between two the DVD players using an HDMI switch.  
Because know it's so expensive.
It's okay, but just not great.
My Set-up:3D TV (passive)3D Blu-ray PlayerHDMI Cables.
I love this movie..
I watched even without the grandkids!  
Other reviewers have reviewed the plots and the history of this movie many times over so there is no need for me to tell you more about where this movie came from and about it's plot.
The suit has an opening in the back, under the hood, for the child to get into it, and the opening has two Velcro dots to close it.
What I liked most as I watched was the clarity of the video and the color.
In the original version of the tale, the Sea Witch is not actually evil even if she is dark.
It is much more shallow than our safety first infant tub.
So far so good!
cute movie worth buying.
By the way to get to Never Land takes the second star to the right and straight on till morning.
His tag is not in the same spot on the actual bear as it is in the movie but overall he is
It was also a fair price
I love the movie and my little friend did as well.  
This is the best deal of Finding Nemo there is with all physical formats and a digital copy that you can watch the movie anymore on your phone, tablet, or laptop without the wifi.
VIDEO:"Bambi" is one of the most wonderful looking animated films that still looks magnificent 70-years-later.  
I'm rating it 3 stars because of Amazon.
so I guess I was lucky to get even this.
before Jiminy can hush him.
We all miss our childhoods.
She never really shows remorse because personality is not effective and she acts as if she has no muscles or any actual sincere emotions, only Milt Kahl and Marc Davis animate her effectively again it seems that there are conflicting interests to focus on other things instead of this film so there is little invest to make this project work.
We loved having this on VHS tape, but as we no longer have a VCR we update to this DVD version.
I personally never saw the fascination with this film and viewing the Blu Ray was probably only my third or forth time seeing it in my lifetime.
Even as a male I enjoyed the movie and found with funny and entertaining.
You can easily see corrupt, greedy elitists in the Walrus, hardworking, but still rather selfish ordinary people in the Carpenter, Dodo could be a parody of every foolish figure in public office who tries to solve problems by making them worse, and seems utterly oblivious to the cares of those he's hurting, etc...  
Of course it's the usual Disney take on the story, but hey, if you don't likeDisney movies what are you looking here for ?
Fess Parker as Davy Crockett is still as good today as it was when I was a child.  
well..when we went back and my daughter picked up the box for the same toy at the store, the stethoscope talked and lit up.
He begins asking questions.
It's a collection of high-quality animated songs.  
It's pretty good sized and floppy and happy.
Can't go a week without this being played at least once.
Family friendly film, enjoted the voices used to place the cars.
'Beauty and the Beast' has got to be one of Disney's most popular and classical films of all time.
I am designing my bathroom for my son and he loves mickey.
These are the right size for his little hands.
She's the size of your average 1 year old.
Heard there was a short series on tv (British); anyone know if it was good?
It's no wonder this is a fan favorite and had stood the test of time.
It's very durable!!
Got this for my 3 1/2 year old son at Christmas.  
I've wasjed it plenty of times and it still holds its color and shape.
My grandchildren loved this DVD!  
The problem is that at the very moment when the comedy should have been held back Verbinski couldn't help but fill the scene with slapstick and the absurd marriage of Will and Elizabeth in the midst of a swordfight.
Who doesn't love  Olaf???  
Life seemed simpler then
But my problem is the suction cups.
My Granddaughter loved this doll.
Everyone should see this.
I grew up in an era in which cartoons were pure fun ...
Kathryn Beaumont's Alice is spot-on, perfectly capturing the character's hard-headed common sense, and occasional naivete/vulnerability.
Her performance gave the animators exactly what they needed, and they capture her personality perfectly.
Loved how close the doll's features match those of the character in the movie.
This is the actual pilot for the series, & it is great.  
And even when you're watching it again, the humor still works.  
As always Studio Ghibli has made a movie we can all enjoy.
In part II, Patch, one of the 99 dalmatian puppies, feels he does not fit in, then one day, he saw his American TV idol, Thunderbolt, and now Patch wants to be like him.
I love this movie and have since the first time I saw it a few years ago.  
Doren appears to exude an uncommon combination of intelligence, knowledge, and amiability.
Yes the product I'm reviewing is what is described on this page.  
(No big surprise there.)Having made my move, either Disney's Swamp Fox will disappear after this, or they will release the last 5 episodeseventually, or maybe they will release the whole series in one can, making me happy and frustrated at the same time.
Love this story, makes you laugh & cry.  
This movie takes you for the ride of your life.
It is delightful entertainment.
And have taken up a place of honor in my shower, which the kids use more than I do...  
For a Fuel of Dollars MoreA Bad Reflection
While the whole series never came out (Boo to the Goliath Chronicles)
My daughter loves her.  
It's a great movie for the car lover and those who enjoy remembering the 1950's driving experience where drive-ins and cruising mainstreet were how you treat a Friday night.
authentic disney product with the seal on the foot and the accurate lables attached.
Plus they go on her cake as cake toppers and fit very nicely.
Wish this were available online.
This is yet another PIXAR animation that comes jam packed with fun and meaning.
Think typical Halloween costume material when you are considering this purchase.  
I have a 3 1/2 year old daughter, who loves the Disney princesses.  
that's another story.
On the other hand, it's equally hard for me to care about some ex tobacco exec in fear for his life because of the possibility of him divulging classified company secrets.
I'm somebody that I'm not a buy something I like to buy the best one available at the time.
Beauty and the Beast theme is one of my all time, top favorite Disney songs.
What I see at 25% you may see at 15% or 35%.
I do love this classic Disney stuff, but I am a little irritated at the editing.  
"Hotel Strangeduck" deals with Scrooge and friends doing business at a rundown yet creepy hotel where it's haunted then finally on Disc 1 is "The Lost Crown of Genghis Khan" where Scrooge with Launchpad and the kids go search for the title crown in Everest where they encounter the legendary snow beast.
You want thing-a-ma-bobs?  
I got what Pixar was doing when I first saw Cars, but it didn't resonate with me until repeated viewings.
Thank God it was a gift, if I'd spent good money on it...please.
I will collect all of them because they will nice in my display.
The special features includes a Naked Mole Rap video, and trailers of other Disney favorites like Home on the Range, and The Three Musketeers.
As usual, both movies are restored and feature Disney's Enhanced High Definition Picture and Sound.
Jill Taylor (Patricia Richardson) is Tim's intelligent and witty wife, and his three boys are Randy (Jonathan Taylor Thomas), an environmentalist and hilarious jokester, Brad (Zachery Ty Bryan), the jock and popular guy, and Mark (Taran Noah Smith), the youngest of the three and the "goth" boy.
Love the fact that this movie is on 3D, the kids and I enjoyed it tremendously.  
This is one of my the movie I think it got a good story to it plus what happen with three moneys as well being a Disney movie it it running for about 89 mins I am not going to say to much on this one it is real good what happen when the peoples in the small town feel
Seeing Keith Richards was a cool shout-out to the origin of Depp's performance as Sparrow.
No where in stores have we yet to see this movie in 3D available.  
This isn't the type of film I'd watch on a regular basis, but I was on a plane and this was the featured movie so I tuned in.
and we will just leave it there.
I was unsure if she would like it or not since this is the first real "doll" I have bought her, but she LOVES her.
It's a very sweet film (previewed it of course) and Disney has done a lovely job.
thk u for sale
I love this movie and now it's great to have 3 different ways to watch.
put two opposites together add in a kid,and you have three fugitives.i liked this movie,lots of funny scenes,and interaction.i like nick nolte and he does a great job of acting in this movie.
Still, the movie is so good you forget about who is playing who.
Alice shrinking has always been a favorite part for me especially as a child because I dreamed of being a smaller size and entering a different world other than my own.  
Otherwise, we love this.
(there is nothing graphic or scary, but the subject matter may be difficult for younger children to understand)
The Making of "Rushmore" is the lengthiest (around seventeen minutes) and is mostly just a brief behind the scenes documentary shot by Eric Chase Anderson, Wes Anderson's brother that includes interviews and a rundown of the cast.
The water looks really realistic, certain sea creatures such as the shark look extremely intimidating and most of the fish are quite colorful.
Well, I got tired of the uncertainty and committed to nice (I assume) and complete episodes of part of 2 old Disney series.  
Wish there would be another sequel, but would love to have a Blu-ray version of this.
Very easy to put together.
We used the cardboard box in came in to store them for a while.  
I bought the movie, Monsters, Inc. because my grandchildren watched the first copy so much it wore it out.
I did acquire my digital copy.
I would recommend this movie to anyone.
One "routine day at the Monster scare factory", however, top scare-er Sulley (John Goodman) and pal Mike Wazowski (Billy Crystal) bring a small girl back into their own world, wreaking havoc along the way and learning a pretty valuable lesson in the process.
I can't take Keenan Ivory Wayans seriously as an action hero and he just didn't fit the role as Shame.
The problems extend further though.  
It's now part of our collection.
YMMV.Amusing to watch the English/Disney audio simultaneously with the English (presumably from Ghibli) subtitles.  
One of Nimnul's most ingenious schemes.  
Good way for a terrific actor to make his final bow.
No problems with the product what so ever - item had some small minor dent in the corner, but it's nothing you wouldn't find on a store bought dvd.
Would recommend this movie to anyone from the ages 0-99!
Everytime she was sick...we had to watch any winnie the poo video....
The bear is a good size, actually larger than I thought.
But believe it or not, the signs of their eventual downfall from grace wasn't marked by either Cars nor Wall-E; if anything, Finding Nemo pretty much confirmed for me that the studio was heading into a really bad direction.
and I was so thrilled to be able to order this item.  
Anyway now after 3 days of use by my son (gentle use) he dropped him one time and Buzz right arm came apart at the elbow and all the wires are hanging out
A secret identity game for 2 to  8 players.  
Fun adventure to watch.
Likewise, the 5.1 DTS-HD MA is demo quality.
What goes great with mickey pancakes, you guess it.
They wash fine, but they have a really cheap, slippery feel to them.  
Boo :(P.S.
Well, what can I say?  
The packaging was completely damaged though so it was a disappointment when I wanted to wrap and give it to him for a present.
The second release of Wave 5 is or should I say should have been a very special release.
Okay, so I had heard about this movie for years and years, about how it was some wonderful, amazing drama.
Bought this for my 3 year old granddaughter.
for all you young at heart, this's the real deal.  
The Little Mermaid is pretty close to being their #1 movie of all time (in their minds).  
I love it just as much as I love dumbo.
Once you connect with a child, nothing else matters.  
Chances are it was Bambi.
Pinocchio (1940 Disney) starring Dickie Jones, Cliff Edwards, Walter Catlett, and Frankie Darro (voiceover talent for major cartoon characters in the movie) is a satisfying, simple, well done movie set in the Swiss Italian mountains of northern Italy, and is based on an Italian folk tale by "Collodi."
The one star reviews are dissatisfied with this DVD because it's not the same as the old VHS version.
You won't regret because of the beautiful nature, the way everything was told, the story itself and the rest.
My children enjoyed this movie.  
It comes from the villain who is trying to take all the fun away...a fine principle, however kids pick up phrases like that really easily.  
With the 3rd season, Home Improvement proved that it was a worthy show.
I think the size is just perfect for what my five year old takes to school.
What a great comedy family type movie for all to watch.
When I bought this, it was almost $25.
Just dump it over, duh.
This edition of "Alice" looks like no previous edition, and in this case, I'm not complaining.
This DVD was in very good condition, it had a slight scratch but it did not affect the viewing quality.
First the toy - my son got these for his birthday and in three days has broken one of them.
Well I am glad I got it, specially for the price.
Still, the Blu-ray looks and sounds great and that's what matters the most.
Earth Quack:  Scrooge and the boys discover that the games of an underground civilization are causing earthquakes directly under the Money Bin.  
And when he has times that he doesn't want to be held but he isn't sleepy then this is a great distraction for him.
There is also a NEW Intro to the film by Diana Disney Miller (1:09).
I've read all the books.
He loves Mickey Mouse Club House!  
Though this movie has its small lapses, it is still very entertaining and is much more historically accurate than the usual Hollywood foolishness.
Two others are missing wheels as well now.  
This is a really cool look inside the animation studio at Disney, and has a few interviews with artists there that were inspired by seeing The Little Mermaid when they were young.
This was a gift for my granddaughter, but she is not allowed to watch it because Ariel is seen as a weak woman who gives up everything for a man; my son and his wife do not want this message presented to their 4-year old until she is old enough to understand the implications of the choice Ariel makes.
in real life, alas, Davy apparently weilded no such commanding charisma.
After all, a collectible dvd isn't all that great if it is torn on the back side of the cover!
I am planning to display the Disney Store version next to my Mattel Merida.
Item came in just perfect, brand new and good price!
Have watched it over and over.
I purchased this doll, one for each of my 3 year old great-granddaughters.  
Ive enjoyed the movie!
She loves this movie, and so do kids of all ages from 1-100.  
For those on the fence about investing in Blu-ray, "Alice" provides a very strong argument.
Featuring the original audio commentary by Roy Disney.
One of them, the enigmatic title track, won a statue, as well as the score itself.
He thought it was hillarious.  
compared to other plush dolls, some more expensive and others a bit cheaper, i'd say it was a reasonable experiment although it didn't work out for us.
this is one of the best disney movies.
Good family dvd for our collection.  
Sleeping Beauty: Special Edition6.
And the end result of this situation is 46 states filing a medicaid suit against the tobacco industry and leading to a historic $368 billion settlement in health-related damages by the tobacco companies.
In the Disney-animated adventure Brother Bear, Joaquin Phoenix provides the voice of Kenai, a young Native American boy whose brother, Sitka (voice of D.B. Sweeney), is killed by a mother bear protecting her cubs.
We all know Pixar has established itself as the premiere computer generated feature film studio, but as if gems like the Toy Stories aren't proof enough of their supremacy, enter Monsters Inc.  
good quality and size.
You'll LOL!
Mostly because he didn't speak German, but also because he was s*@% faced.
All you need to know is that Rushmore is a typical Wes Anderson film.
Other than those two things it really is a great set.
My kids loved this character in Frozen and badly wanted a plush facsimile.
His sword is 80 pounds of sharp-edged, 5 foot long, steel that can cut a man in half length-wise, in battle and he is the ultimate wielder of that awesome weapon.
1, so I hear (still need to pick that up, I do enjoy me some Ludwig), but this is the true source.
The special features includes audio commentary by LaBeouf and Romano and Sneak Peeks of other Disney favourites like W.I.T.C.H., Cadet Kelly and Kim Possible: So The Drama.
The rest of the town's cars get to work, painting and fixing and replacing the burnt-out neon bulbs on the roadside joints.
So nice to have lego sets for girls!  
Blu ray doesnt work  Yay Disney!
We originally purchased the two-disc pack--DVD, Blu-ray combo.  
There are a few points which may concern some parents as it does have death in it.  
The Mickey Mouse Clubhouse DVD's are awesome as well.
Suspenseful and keeps you on edge.
I didn't mind the narration at all - it added to the comedy and that is what the movie is all about - comedy.
That being said, this doll can hold its own standing beside more expensive versions of Maleficent (which I have in my collection).  
Johnny Depp is brilliant, his portrayal of Jack Sparrow adds comedy that is appreciated.
This show was one of my favorites as a young adult!
My kids like to play with them now as they both love Jake!
Plus, you can't beat the price if you buy it on Prime Instant and you don't have to store the dvd.
Be prepared to buy a "Sully" and a "Mike" for your child after they see this movie,...
I got this bear for my 2 yr old daughters Easter basket and she LOVES it!
When I was younger, this movie did scare me a little, but I have grown to appreciate it more now.  
The subtle humor rarely approaches 'laugh-out-loud' funny, but a constant smile should follow you through this film.
You will be delighted by the performances of the whole cast.
I have been a fan of this movie ever since it came out, so I was very excited to see that it was being re-released!
An old favorite story that only Disney can make so beautiful.
He loves all the characters, but Red is a favorite.  
So Antonios' guy "Eben"  did in fact exist and lived among the Vikings for an extented period.
Lots of fun for little Toy Story addicts!  :)
I do not like Banderas typically, but even his part was excellent in this movie.
This Toy Story, Lotso is fantastic!
Odds are that wonderful footage was destroyed as a raging triumph of ego over genius....Holes left in the plot that you can drive a Viking longboat through.  
You may not.
First, the good: as a movie, this is EXCELLENT.  
My grandchildren and I are able to watch this movie together.
If you do get it right, you use the same red jewel to see how many jewels you get for guessing it right.
It was my doing I didn't look to see if it was one or two.
Bonus Features:In comparison with other Pixar BD sets, Cars is somewhat light in the bonus features department but still has a lot of insight bonus material.
the yin-yang aspect of mother nature in it's glory devasted by same is poignant message... wish my faith was as strong but indoctrination wears thin after extensive exploration, education, enlightenment, etc., I want to know more about this religion without a thinly veiled one sided POV, my study of the Books of Mormon are fascinating but yield limited knowledge of the diversity of implementation, after life and practical motivations for basic tenets.  
So: adventure, heroism, courage unequalled, attitude, and humor not your thing?
Let's be honest, that's nothing new.
She loves Ariel and now her pet!
Watch it with my grandkids and they really enjoyed it as myself and my wife.
My kids are the biggest Mickey Mouse clubhouse fans and they love having fugures of their favorite characters.
A fun and great movie for the whole family.  
Even at my age ( and I'm no kid ) this was too cute.
Have fun citizen!
Monterey Jack's father, Cheddarhead Charlie, blows into town for a visit and attempts to teach the Rangers a thing or two about adventurin' the Cheddarhead Charlie way!  
This is a most have for any one collecting the 90's movies.
Bought via Amazon and as usual, Amazon does not disappoint.
but I consider this one of Disney's weaker films.  
The Pooh Bear is absolutely adorable, but I don't like the sounds at all.  
My 3 year old is obsessed with Toy Story - this was the perfect match to his other toys so he could role play different scenes.
And I did with "Finding Nemo".
I have the DVD but, I am updating them all to Blu-ray copies.  
A visiting cricket named "Jiminey" is recruited for the job, and after Gepetto awakens and learns to his joy that Pinocchio has come alive, the puppet goes out into the world where he must make good by doing good, and in the end, after several set backs, does that.
It may have to do with "archetype".
My girls like it a lot.
The DVD was new in package and the product was well packaged for shipping, arrived in excellent condition.  
My grand daughter already has this movie I'm just updating it to blue-ray for her.  
We kept renting this movie every 6-9 months, so I finally bought it.
It's easily one of my favorite movies from the Mouse House because of its quick pace and borderline dark humor.
They have more fun watching these types of cartoons!
The casting is deeply inspired, too, with Alan Rickman, Martin Freeman and Zooey Deschanel born to play their roles as Marvin, Arthur and Trillian, respectively.
they are cute to play with and chew on, I guess, but NOT for the pool or bath
I actually genuinely liked this movie, both as child and growing up.
The sleepy town that slowly comes to life the more their new visitor gives to it.
What the public didn't know was the producers did not perceive they were broadcasting competitions but rather entertainments.
Bought last year for my little one who is into The Toy Story.
Most children won't notice the difference, but their parents will.
It is a richly realized background which can transport you in to another world, and the backgrounds of older films can transport you into history.
Love the characters especially Boo, she's hilarious!
Vengeful, Kenai heads out to avenge Sitka.
This made a great Christmas gift.  
and it came in all its original packaging.
The gameplay is short; maybe 10 minutes or so, which is short enough to keep the attention of a toddler.
It's all here in wonderful visual elegance and a classic simple story.
The only thing that would have made this package better is if the digital copy was accessible through more than just Wal-Mart-controlled Vudu or if Vudu had a version of Vudu to Go compatible with more devices
But then they cut his heart out and put it in the box and so now he's in the place of Davy Jones (who amazingly, Jack managed to kill, thus, finally, actually taking the part of the hero.)Now Elizabeth and Will can only see each other one day out of every ten years so in a couple decades, she's not going to be looking quite so great anymore while he stays young and handsome forever (Just what you'd expect from an Elf!)
Great script!!
After receiving this movie, I decided to go through the reviews, and was totally disgusted at many of the 1-star reviews.
My complaint is that it isn't very sturdy.
cute move I loved it, can't wait to see the sequel clean, no cursing and no violence, refreshing change of pace and I don't have any kids, I watched it for me.
He is a great size and just adorable.  
My daughter really loves these, however the Disney costume trunks that you can buy all come with Cinderella, Sleeping Beauty, Belle and Snow White costumes, whereas the shoes come with Tiana and Arial instead of Snow White and Sleeping Beauty, so if I could put in a suggestion it would be to try to match up the shoes with the trunk-costumes!  
Much is said about the pros and cons of using "name" celebrities for voices.
We both love cars
Maybe as time goes on he'll be more interested.
Today this is one of my favorite movies.  
It reminds more of Monty Pythons funny stuff with more detail and action.  
The same is true for signature filmmaking style.
Beauty And The Beast is a Disney animated film from 1991.
This task will not be easy.  
You can see the stains on the roof of the background and can easily make out the different color bricks on the chimneys, the pattern of wood on the home and well.  
I purchased this for my two year old and found myself playing with it for a good 10 minutes before handing it over.
Good to watch some 1980's comedy with our 9 and 10 year old kids.  
sweet movie and edition.
Still, in the end I wasn't cheering for Lighting McQueen to get to the race.
I was extremely happy with the price and highly recommend it as a gift for any Toy Story fan.
They are both excellent.  
My baby is 10 months old and enjoys bath time.
The film is presented in a 2.35:1 aspect ratio in 5.1 surround sound and is approximately 93 minutes long.
I will alway remember how heartbroken I was when Mr. Orbach died of colon cancer.  
I purchased this chameleon toy for my grand daughter.
A++++ experience was had with you.
There are a bunch of specialty Lego, like the frog, crown, and a several different food pieces.  
I'm glad Disney decided to release Chip N Dale Rescue Rangers on DVD.
Good gift in theory..
Our dog chewed on one of the pieces, and my daughter still plays with it.
My grandkids will love them.
I highly recommend!
The trunk is much larger than the included items, so he can keep his other pirate paraphernalia there, too.  
As she is only three she was scared at first but watching it with us gave her courage and then after the first time she had to watch it again and again until the rental expired.  
I laugh so hard it hurts.  
A lovely movie that's great for the whole family.  
As long as it comes with abu you are good.
For a 3 year old, she has a hard time with it, but she enjoys caring it around and playing.
We called Disney and received a replacement and held onto it a bit until our daughter complained about it (by that time she was hulk green).
Parenthetical number preceding title is a 1 to 10 IMDb viewer poll rating.(7.5)
Kenai and Koda escape Denahi again, and reach the salmon run, where a large number of bears live as a family, including the leader Tug (voiced by Michael Clarke Duncan), a Grizzly Bear.
That's not the only departure from history or legend in the film.
The story begins with Lord and Lady Greystoke, of course, although I'm not sure their names are ever mentioned.
She is very happy with them.
Heh.  I just previewed this movie before showing to my 5 1/2 year old daughter and am glad I did.  
The only reason I give the movie four stars instead of five is because, unlike the top tier of Disney/Pixar efforts like Toy Story, Wall-E, Finding Nemo, and Up, this one shies away from the take-home message when it could have embraced it.  
On the other hand, the Vogons have an execrable charm, Martin Freeman delivers a creditable Arthur Dent, Zooey Deschanel is completely inappropriate for Trillian but very appropriate as a love interest for Arthur, Mos Def is okay as Ford, and Bill Nighy might well have been invented for the sole purpose of playing Slartibartfast.
Inspired by one of Tim Allen's neighbor as a child, we never get to fully see Wilson's face.
The colors are vibrant, the picture clear.
Loved it and so did the kids.
Thank you very much!
It is a simple concept and will be a self esteem builder for a little girl.  
I PURCHASED IT FROM AMAZON
It is not for every one, it is silly and a little dry, but if you like stories about corporate dullness juxtaposed with free living and anarchy should enjoy the story and the acting is top shelf.
they are good quality.
If you've only got a 720P TV, don't bother with the blu-ray.  
It is so good and fun and a neat presentation of the book.
I love hearing that laughter!
Classic and super fun for everyone.  
and DVD (Love it)...
It's held up well, though, and will remain enjoyable for years to come.
Seller was timely and reasonably priced.  
But that's classic Disney for you.
There's nothing particularly exceptional about this doll.  
Go check this out!God bless you all.
UPDATE: The lights on the wings went out in a matter of minutes.
I probably won't let my daughter see it again until she is older.  
Can't bet the quality of this dvd.
The colors now look very unnatural and the original appearance of the beautiful watercolor wash technique is gone.
(Fans of Animaniacs also know her writing and acting in that great show.)As to acting in The Little Mermaid, the cast is superb, from the leads like Pat Carroll as Ursula to little gems like the seahorse voiced by Will Ryan.
Love Amazon!!
No way is it "used-very good."
Call me biased but not only is the artwork magnificent, everything about it... from the animation, it's character design, the cast (the voice actors were magnificent and how they used the young voice actor's accidental pauses during the recording and actually using it in the film was brilliant!), its music and the storyline, everything works in harmony.  
She then makes a deal with Ursula, an underwater witch: she gives Ursula her voice in return for legs.
The musical score is surprisingly hypnotic and ties the entire movie together.
I love using this Seller for all my DDV's future purchases due to their price and free shipping...
The voice work was great, especially from Driver and O'Donnell.
These are great for home or car rides!
Love the extra footage..
The duck tub is better, we got this car tub to replace a holey duck.
The lengths of these features range from 1 minute to 10 minutes all totaling around 45-55 minutes.
He was just growing out of Thomas the Tank Engine, and was thoroughly immersed in Finding Nemo and Happy Feet when this film came along.  
You have a monster who's more human than the movie's medallion-man villain; you have a heroine who's PC but engaging with it; you have a supporting cast of magic utensils who wisely never upstage the couple at the centre of this love story (and despite the Disney animated trappings, it IS a love story); and you have a captivating story, beautifully told.
This movie is great!
Taking him back to Disney store for replacement tomorrow.
A fine episode.  
When VHS came about I bought a set, but hadn't watched in a long time.
but it's still great.  
I haven't had the problems that the other reviewer had - my pieces fit together
This tub was so great on our trip.
Sloane has a tracking device shot into the back of his neck.
The Grandchildren love it.
I have loved this movie since I was a baby....literally my great-grandmother bought a Bambi baby blanket for me, and I've had it since, though now it is a cover on a chair.
It is quite strange that Disney did not follow the success of Snow White with another fairy tale.
When I saw the trailer for this movie, I remember seeing 2-3 funny moments in the trailer.
If a DVD is that badly damaged, it should not be re-sold at all.
The scene when Weigand's deposition is being taken is a must see.
This is an elephant in the room that most people who review this product have ignored and it's very important to know.
Recess: Taking the Fifth Grade is the perfect Disney DVD to Enjoy your favorite Recess characters one last time!
She recieved this trunk for Christmas when she was 2 and a half.
Presented in standard definition and was included in the original 2002 DVD.*
BAnother good collection all in all.  
Walt Disney Studios Home Entertainment have once again achieved perfection and if you are a Disney fan, a "Beauty and the Beast" fan and pretty much any person or fan who respects the quality of the Walt Disney animated classics on HD thus far, "Beauty and the Beast: Diamond Edition" receives my highest recommendation!
Of course, this could easily have been due to oversaturation as the show played three nights a week and other networks tried to repeat the success causing viewers to tire of game shows.
The story line is fantastic and the music is incredible!
As I've gotten older I've really come to love it, and it's definitely my favorite Disney film of all time.  
The "cup holders?" are great.
When the fairy comes to Pinoc's rescue, and his nose starts growing, it seems a stretch to me.
I found myself watching it every day (sometimes several times a day) with her.  
I only wished that the characters in this feature had a their voices, rather than some nursery woman playing all their voices...
Funny and educational as always with Walt Disney films.
I can't fault the marketers since they managed to sell a bland movie with terrible music and have it make money.
He loved him!
It's the kind of movie that deserves repeated watching.
It's a whimsical little movie about a baby fawn called Bambi who befriends a hoard of woodland creatures and grows up in the forest, albeit his mother is shot by deer hunters (so you may not want to showcase this film to nursery school-age children or toddlers).
Might the kids love it?
After the first movie, no one bothered to explain anything that happened.
Hey it's Disney and Pixar so you know it's going to be fun for both you and the kids and with Disneyland opening up the new Cars section it's worth getting.
What can I say?
The style of filming is impressive and the costumes are quite good.
The folks reading the reviews won't have much choice but to rent or buy it----or face the tantrums; and the folks watching it won't be reading the reviews, or can't.
Looks realistic to the real Lotso from the movie.
But no detail is sacrificed.
James has the same peculiar yellow base as Clover, again I don't understand where the yellow comes in.
He loves both Bulls Eye and Woody.
He now loves Lighting McQueen.  
We could've explored the husband's feelings about being in the tabloids but instead we get a few catch phrases from him and move on.
This newly produced exclusive roundtable reunites Stanton, Unkrich, Peterson, producer Graham Walters, production designer Ralph Eggleston and technical lead Oren Jacob for an engaging 10th anniversary retrospective.
This doll retails at the Disney store for 19.95.  
But I don't want my girls to start acting like that so we don't watch it.
Seems to let the motor spin more freely when I held it up a bit, which explains why loosening the screws works for some people.
Greg Weiss is such a cool dude.
What I see at 25% you may see at 15% or 35%.
When you see Boo, you WILL fall in love.
It is a great children's movie.  
Very happy with that!
This movie is a fun movie and a great family movie.
Not enough to make me hate the whole thing, but definitely enough to make me frown.  
Hell, it is the best because it has a functioning Improbability Drive button you can press.  
Absolutely love this game!
I think Belle is the best character that they ever made .
Disney was always a step ahead of the game.
Perhaps the most engaging aspect of this movie, is its spiritualistic aspects.  
She loved it.
We've heard about "The Peter Pan Syndrome," and I even married one.
Good service from supplier.
I am anxious to see how well they hold up.
hours of play time.  
It is fun, though, and my girls were amazed when they got it.
A must-see for Christmas.
I put it on the toilet and the overhang lip in the front does not hang over enough.
The two animated stories(Ariel and Jasmine) are just episodes from the 1995 Little Mermaid and 1993 Aladdin TV series, but that did little to cheapen the quality of this DVD.
This is certainly no reason to keep from buying this DVD and if you're a fan of the behind the scenes stuff or Disney animation fan, you'll want to add this to your collection.
I love all things NEMO and these ended up as mine.
She keeps it on her bed and loves it.  
The blu-ray video quality is stunning, and HD audio was just as good.
Excellent Christmas gift.
The thing is, the characters aren't as sympathetic as in some of the other shows.  
Today is the first time it actually fell in the toilet and it was more a result of my child accidentally kicking it into the toilet.
Waste of money personally!
My only complaint is that they haven't released more seasons.
Love the movie and so do my children.
I shoved the ball into the area where the piece goes in, so it elevated the piece up, that way the spinning wheel can spin.
it is great for my girl to watch she loves the story's also it came on time love to get more.
The fabric wrap is entirely missing with this doll, does not come at all.7.
Wonderland has never looked better.
It was so funny and a blast to watch.
Through this journey, Marlin must not only face impossible odds and show more courage than he ever has, but he must grow and change as a father.
I would expect most children in a toddler bed are using a toddler sized pillow.
The monster characters are sooo human, I couldn't stop laughing at certain points because they reminded me of people in my life.  
It is unbelievably good.
The only constant is Alice (whose facial features change throughout the movie) running after the White Rabbit.
There ain't no way I would ever be able to survivewith the conditions they lived in!!(Where's my toilet)?What I didn't like:1-Movie was way too short for me.
Great characters, adventure, drama, action, memorable music and more!  
They havent stopped watching the video> the digital copy is the best part.
I just felt that something was missing, that the script didn't delve deep enough into the potential the first half and the Max Fischer character offered.
It's a bit of a disappointment.
Here's a series that I am reviewing:It involves three intelligent, trouble-making boys who happen to be the nephews of Donald Duck.
I wasn't crazy about ordering this particular bear, just because I was afraid he would be a little creepy
The Mater truck is very nice also.
He is a great addition to any childhood.
Before purchasing this I read through different reviews on other inflatable tubs.
Pleased with the delivery and very pleased with the film as well.
OK, I know what happened.
Ignore all sequels, prequels or spin-offs from the film, I'd say this for all Disney movies, if you are a purist like I am it's just a scam that the current money hungry Disney Co. has employed to rake in cash.
A good episode, even if the end was ripped off of Looney Tunes.  
Classy actresses put in funny situations.
That being said, and despite some terrific moments and scenes, I was dismayed by the lack of thought and effort that went into this interpretation of the Lewis Carroll classic.  
The experience of watching this is completely entertaining, and you'll have a good time.
That night, while the children's parents are at a party, Peter Pan visits the Darling's home, stopping at the kid's comfortable and warm bedroom.
Movie is great with detail and the 3d is surprisingly better than most movies that were actually made for 3d.
Both the books and the film have a positive message about diversity and following your dreams.
Each episode is shown in its entirety with the Walt Disney intro making the episodes clock in at approx.
So if your daughter loves being a princess, she will enjoy this game.
All we impressionable kids got was the sound of the gunshot and then Bambi getting to safety in the thicket, only to discover that his mother had not followed him.
digital is always good if we're out on the road.
Way to go Disney!
For the grandchildren, and of course for me to remember happy, unencumbered, and peaceful years.  
Cleaned it once and it came through the wash and dryer beautifully.
There are not many songs sung by the toy and my son prefers his toys like his laugh and learn puppy and his dance and learn puppy.
My daughter loves Doc McStuffins so I knew she would love this bag.
Largest is the positively brilliant "March of the Cards."
Having said that, I would have rather paid twice as much to have the figures move more and for them to be a larger size.
My little sister was actually scared of the villain when he reappeared.
Ellen Degeneris' as Dora is best of all.
He loved it at first sight and flies it every time he watches the show and hugs it at night.
I could watch this one MANY, MANY, MANY times and still not get tired of it!
The whole family will get a kick out of this.
The hair on this doll is soft, silky and much fuller then the Tolly Tots doll.
Things go awry, however, when teen Squirrel Tammy's crush on Chip lands her and her baby sister in the claws of Fat Cat himself!
This is the first movie that I have seen Jake Gyllenhaal  (sp?) in when this movie first came out.  
and it still is just amazing as it was back then.
my grandson loved the movie and i would recommend this dvd to anyone who has children and want them to see a nice clean cartoon that dont have any overtones you have to try to explain
The kids love it and do not want to turn it off.  
My 2-yr old daughter has been in love with this movie since her first viewing.  
My daughter is obsessed with Disney princesses and currently is focused on Mulan.
A 13th warrior must go and he cannot be a Norseman and Ahmed is selected to go.  
It seems wonderful that these movies go from generation to generation.  
Exploring these issues further could've made this movie more compelling to watch.  
This wallet is just what my five year old needed.
As an instructor, I'd give this movie an "I" for "INCOMPLETE," but with potential for a solid "A."
It fir his bed perfectly and looks great!
The talking Lotso was too rich for my blood, as I didn't think it would get played with much.
It is a movie that might be too brutal for some female viewers but that most guys would probably enjoy, if they like the genre of historical epics.
it's doesn't quite shy away from the less savory aspects the way the Powers That Be would've advised at the time.
It's too bad Disney has an overwhelmingly self-conscious "we can do no wrong and never have" mindset, unlike, say Warner Brothers, which has put only censored versions of "Aladdin" and "Fantasia" on home video and has denied us entirely a disc of "Song of the South" (although it freely uses its Oscar- winning "Zip-a-dee-doo-dah").  
In reality they had three 21-all ties before Herbie was "utzed" with theMARTYquestion.
Still, it is a fun family movie that will give you a much needed break from life.
wonderful way to spend an evening w/ family.
However there is really no better way to get my "fix" than by watching this particular interpretation, the one that so many followers have been inspired by.
So, I would say if your child loves the Little Einsteins, this is a great toy for them.
I already had a couple copies, but I always get an anniversary edition when they are released.
Even the boys thought it was a good game as well.
I am very happy and satisfied with this purchase.  
I would definitely go with Disney Store Princess and friends Pocahontas Deluxe doll especially if you are buying this for a kid that really wants to play with it because the doll that is sold herecould be used maybe for decoration and display
My favorite line came from the wife who catches her husband cheating on her.  
(Similar frames were used on the Snow White and Pinocchio blurays).
It allows me to buy ahead of time before the DVD comes out for sale.
"to mater"?), to the tractors, each comes across as a unique individual.
It's a sing-a-long romantic Disney favorite complete with a happily ever after :-)
They've also been brought up to believe that being touched by a human is instant death.
Made the movie even more exciting.
I have to watch disc two because it works better than the first disc.
I wish I had waited until they were a little older (they are two and three) but other than that they really love it!
Still a go to favorite for my 3 and 5 year old.
We're huge Disney fans and this was an addition to our daughter's Disney movie collection.
First off, no girls are racing, no girls are in the pit crew and every female other than Sally and Flow are nothing but sweet little docile things that are obedient to their husbands.
he take his Bulleyes every where he goes...lol
Bought this as a Christmas present for my grand daughter.  
The film's greatest asset is the director allows the audience to get to know the characters.
Also again when it comes to coming up short on personality this is a contradiction of the company who established personality in the early to mid-thirties when they were technologically building up their company.
Movies have a well-established record of butchering good books down to unwatchable movies, but every once in a while the end result is good.
But it's still very entertaining, for the most part.  
The string is setup a little loose for safety reasons.
It's very cute, even it is Disney pooh instead of Classic.
Now we don't have to worry about them hitting their head, or face planting on the edge of the tub if they accidentally slip.
Surely I would not have had as much "success" as I had in college if it weren't for this movie, which taught its young, impressionable audience that, to get a man, all you need to do is sit on a rock looking hot (read: anorexic) in your bikini.  
I know my children loved it & now my grandchildren love it too!
Intro by Diane Disney Miller, filmed inside the Disney Family Museum in San Francisco*
As such, I have to be there to place him on and off.
The animation of this TV series was phenomenal.
A VERY ENJOYABLE MOVIE BASED ON A TRUE STORY.  
Nanny is great and I love the other characters.
In addition to being beautifully restored, the new Diamond Edition Peter Pan also has some great new bonus features, including never-before-seen deleted scenes and an alternate ending, and my favorite new feature - Disney Intermission.
No doubt, there are great animations coming from lots of production companies these days.
Pacino, as Bergman, is a scruffy little guy for whom Crowe's leisure life on the golf course is repellent.  
I'm happy to give her 5 stars!
And, god bless it, the thing actually performs admirably well in a number of unexpected ways.
The photographer was Terry Logan, the husband of one of the women volunteering for the project (this was obviously changed for the film), but the initial attempt by the women to shield themselves from his gaze by having him call out instructions from the next room actually happened, followed by them realizing that they were being ridiculous and bringing him inside.
What a sweet endearing Christmas movie.
I really enjoyed this movie.  
We have watched this so much it is starting to scratch up.
This affordable doll is outstanding, and her likeness to the animated character is perfect.  
Bobby Driscoll, who was a well-known Disney child star, turns in a completely winning performance as Peter Pan.
"Bambi"'s cutesy anthropomorphism remains reasonably controlled until Spring (rutting season) arrives.
Walt Disney and Jim Henson, I know they certainly did me.
(Btw, I love the symbolic and visual wedding sequence in the early part of the film.)
Put your pieces in a ziplock bag and put the bag in the box.
so it didn't cross my mind to check around first plus the reviews were so high.  
The wheel axles also bend, they are only a thin metal rod, similar to matchbox cars.
Don't know what all the rumor detailed if anything.
I found this blow up bath and decided to try it and it is perfect!  
My kids are younger than the suggested age
They really made this movie realistic for Nascar fans.  
It's loaded with interesting bonus material and the film looks and sounds terriffic.
Her performance here is slightly better than Jason's Lyric.
Fired from the TODAY program, Van Doren resigned an assistant professor post at Columbia University, and became an author and eventual editor of the Encyclopdia Britannica.
In the first 5 minutes he dropped Skipper (not unusual for a child to do with their toys) and one of the propellers broke off.
Always the best price on Amazon!~
I would recommend to anyone with a Cars crazy kid.  
The pixie dust that makes the pirate ship fly in the end is very exciting to her.
He's pretty rough on his toys and Zurg has fallen off the top of the toy box and other shorter heights (less than 2 feet) without issue.  
Max Fischer(played to perfection by Jason Schwartzman)reminded me so much of myself, not only in his odd tastes, his somewhat mean-mannered behavior, his flaws, his everything, really.
They lost me with Mos def as Ford and Zaphod's head?
The items in the box are much too small to accommodate a regular sized 4 year old and the box itself is worthless.  
It's just hard to watch this arrogant pissant before the screen.
Daugther loves it and couldn't be happier.
This is one of my favourite action adventure movies.
Any little girl that loves to play hair stylist, would love this set!
Everything was great .The shipping.
Oh yea, and my kids love this movie too :-)
I guarantee you, however, nothing about this story is creepy, and by the end of it, you'll have totally forgotten they are technically monsters.
You get gems for your correct guess, and use the gems to fill your ring, bracelet or tiara.  
and I am impressed by how much of an upgrade this film looks compared to its previously awesome Platinum DVD release only four years ago.  
Her face is gorgeous and her green eyes and little freckles are sooo cute!
He adapted his own book to the screen which are usually the best kinds of adaptions done from book to film if film makers are ever smart enough to get an author to adapt his own work.
A terrific item.
Well this movie isn't is as good as the others but its okay.  
We bought this for our 27 month old son who is obsessed with MM.
I have seen this several times with my daughter and as much as I would love to give it 5 stars, I can't help thinking how bored I get during the 'climactic' chase scene with Randall, through the massive maze of suspended doors.  
I understand the 3D version is spectacular but that will have to wait until I buy a 3D TV.
It seems that British cinema has fallen into a rut, at least where comedy is concerned: like numerous other films of the past decade or so, CALENDAR GIRLS combines a touch of mischief, a touch of sex, a lot of "lets feel good," and a "let's root for the underdog" plot.
I cannot tell you how many times he has watched this movie...even I know most of the words!
The product is exactly as it says it is, however, the clear caps over the lights on his wings immediately flew off when my son pressed the button to eject them.
Also, we got 2 of the same puzzle instead of 1 of each!!!
Hats off Karen.
But am I glad I did.
It is child friendly as well!
I found the movie traumatic and scary as I witnessed from the point of view of a small child.  
Great characters & storylines.  
They are definitely the weak link in each episode.  
The contented look on my granddaughter's face makes this doll worth every penny.
She's still kinda cute.
I'd rather be eaten by the ravenous bug bladder beast of traal than sit through this again.
In PINOCCHIO, Walt Disney's first feature-length cartoon since his historicSNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS(1937), the artwork amazes, one of its wonderful songs, "When You Wish Upon a Star," won an Oscar, and the story of a marionette come to life who must resist temptations (with the help of a cricket conscience) if he's to become a real boy, positively charms.
It fell completely off of the teeth, you can put it back on, but, it wont stay on.
Their are several Buzz's on the market.
I like Tarzan movies and this one takes it to a new level, Disney did it again.
, the facial expression is dreamy and is true to the Jasmin in the Disney movie.
I was pleasantly surprised, enough so, that I decided to purchase it for my four year old daughter who is the reason we watched it in the first place.  
Also there is an undertone that life is not black & white but shades of gray.
Not sure if this happens a lot or not, but for a $30 toy it needs to be a little more sturdy~!
Buy whichever version is more convenient for you.
This movie delivers.
It had a lot of appropriate but timeless humor.
While all the other relatives bought clothes and stuff I got her this.  
The plot is a classic one though and Disney did a good job of recreating it through this movie.  
So happy I can share this with my twin toddlers!
Picked this one up for 15$ which is pretty good price going for these type of Disney classics, picture remastering could of used a little more vibrancy but other then that it looks great & kids love it!
By the end of the film you'll just want to squeeze Sully
We take it home and wash it on Fridays, and after over 3 months of use it is holding up well.  
I have read the books, and it pales in comparison!
I totally disagree.
These were the biggest treat for my daughters dress up closet.
Usually I love a lot of movies but this one not so much.
We never have time to play and enjoy life.
Loved TaleSpin as a child and had to have this!
And then to have dry British humor mixed in for comic relief would've been icing on the cake.  
They are the perfect Mickey set.
However, toys get played with hard at my house and are washed regularly.  
He seems to be well made,
This is a really great puzzle & my 3yr old daughter loves it.
Despite it not being based on any of the actual books, it's still a fantastic movie.
With a group of girls this game would be fun both in the gaming sense and in the "I get to wear princess jewelry" while playing a game sense.
I could have gotten an 11" on Disneystore.com for the same price as this one,  my fault of course for not looking around but I really like amazon and normally they are on top of things like this
THAT THE 3D WILL BE RELEASED SOON.WHAT EVEN IS THE ,"ICING ON THE CAKE," A DISCOUNT COUPON IS INCLUDED FOR THE 3D RELEASE FOR A BIG $10.00.SHOULD HAVE INCLUDED A COUPON FOR A FREE 3D RELEASE INSTEAD.DISNEY
More than happy with this purchase.
I SAW THIS MOVIE WHEN IT CAME OUT, AND I LOVED IT
This movie is truly brilliant because anyone from a newborn baby on up could totally appreciate this movie.
The concept itself is not new, but this film does give its own spin on it.  
Mold and mildew will cause this tub to go in the trash quickly, bummer!
There's a great deal of punching, kicking, and other combat.
So shop around.
Thru the Mirror Mickey Mouse Animated Short (Now in Hi-Def) - (8:48) A 1936 animated feature starring Mickey Mouse in a "Alice through the Wonder Glass" style of storyline.
And the special features are great, there are deleted scenes and even an alternate movie opening.
Underrated and underappreciated.
Of all the amazing things in Wonderland, she, a child who's truly concerned with being polite, may be one of the most amazing.  
Proof of that is that both of my daughters found this beyond hysterical last night as they watched it for the first time.  
The whale had a booming personality.
My daughter is 32 months old, and gets very frustrated because she cannot get them to stand.
My grandson wore this costume for Halloween.
Release and Reaction8.
it's super cute!
it did for me when I tried.  
Kenai goes out for revenge against his surviving brothers wish and in the moment he is about to kill the bear the spirits turn him into a bear.
Sorrowfully, but gallantly, the Beast agrees.  
The colors are bright and the glitter on it gives the wallet a little bling.
Catteries not Included: When the Rangers investigate the case of a little girl's missing cat, they discover a scheme by the nefarious Professor Nimnul.  
Another very informative behind the scenes segment is "Time Capsule: The year of Bambi".  
Very happy with the seller.
so I am sure it will withstand the battering of an 18 month old!
The pillow is not very fluffy, but that works well for her since she does not sleep with a pillow at night.
Disc two includes 13 shorts, but being that some are rather long, I don't feel short changed.
What sets Peter apart is that when he decides not to grow up he literally does not grow up.
Buzz is well loved by my son, and despite all the wear and tear and falls, he remains in great, working shape!
I also love that it included Wendy...made the girls want to play with him!  
The untold stories behind the making of "Beauty and the Beast?  
But the set itself is cute and my 3 year old puts these on his pirate ship and plays with it constantly.
We downloaded it on our ipad too.
The effects are far better then those of the Lion King or Beauty and the Beast.
Still not one of my top favorites, but definitely worth watching once in a while.
I'm not sure why I was so drawn to this movie, but I watched it on Amazon for a sale price, and eventually, I was able to pick it up for $20.  
I hope to one day be able to show them to my children.
pretty sure there is not a single curse word in it either for those of you who care.
The only things that I miss from the Platimun are the time capsule featurette and promotional art gallery.
Now the quest is on for Nemo's father to find him, and boy does he do everything to find him.  
So that was kind of neat how they brought out the character in regular items through the use of voice.  
this is a classic that the whole family can watch and enjoy i could watch this one over and over
But all the girls have real hair, wouldn't we HATE plastic hair on them?  
The visuals have since been outdone in terns of complexity, color, and texturing yet few releases since can claim having delivered such a well-rounded package.
It did have a bit of stripes on the top through out the movie
This little guy is even cuter in person, than he appears online.  
Plus! , why you ask?
While the "Odd Couple" pairing is obviously not new (as admittedly, the plot - BUT WHO CARES?), Crystal and Goodman add spicy spin to their camaraderie.
so I returned this one.
Not that either are particularly complex: James MacArthur is the son of a legendary guide who died trying to save a climber on the deadly Citadel, the only mountain in the area that has never been climbed and which kills most of those who make the attempt.
Perfect for my toddler princesses!
This episode is superior to Send In the Clones.  
Even my husband enjoyed it, so good for all ages.
I like to watch childrens movies with messages which buck the status quo ideas, this one questions progress, as do I.
My daughter loves both this and the sequel (or prequel to be more accurate)
Ok, they may have been stars back then, but for the life of me, I don't know why.  
Bottom line: I don't want to plant ideas in my children's heads about there being "scary things" in the closet -- as we have never had issues at bedtime!  
Curt Russell is a bonus too, but these are formula films, the stars are practically interchangeable you could use anyone under contract and still get a good show I enjoyed it the first time I saw it
Like Trivia Pursuit, you are asked questions in turn.
ALICE IN WONDERLAND is a total classic from DISNEY!!!
If you have someone in your home that just loves princesses this game is definitely for you!
We loned it out to our in-laws and almost didn't get it back.
So, you can imagine when I saw the release date was ONE DAY before my daughter's birthday, I had to order this!  
My daughter just celebrated her 3rd birthday and had a Jake party.  
This rug is good for looks not for getting wet when getting out the bath/shower.
Fits on easily, allows for easy access to the shower pull up on the faucet, and it's easy to move to adjust where the water flows into the tub.
so i thought it would be good to buy Monsters Inc.
This film doesn't have any edits Hooray!
It's a more natural palette, because that's what the film is about, nature & life & death & rebirth.
What defines a beast?
It sounds like waiting to purchase this until long after the Tangled craze died down was the way to go, I can't imagine spending upwards of $70 for a little stuffy.  
Even though I wanted to review the VHS version, my review ended up being for the DVD version instead.
I can't wait to watch this movie.
My little girl doesn't play with this at all.  
Of course, to do this he has to not only contend with being in the form of an animal he hates, but also wit the extremely talkative company of bear cub Koda.
Poor Brutus gets sent back to the vet, then gets to go back home, then almost gets sent back to the Vet again, as Suzanne can not cope with Brutus, but Brutus does get redemption, but you'll have to watch this film & see how!A great film for both children & adults a like, that love those four legged kids!
That's why I was thrilled to find out that The Little Mermaid was being released from the Disney Vault.
I love the disney classics so this is a great addition to my movies.
I've stayed with my non Blue-ray Snow White and Fantasia for "purists" sake but this, being a "modern classic" deserves the treatment it got.
